at the same time that elliott freemantle was enjoying his success, a former builder called d. o. guerrero was tasting the bitterness of failure.he was about 15 miles from the airport, in a locked room in a poor, dirty apartment on the south side of the city. the apartment was above an evil-smelling eating house.d. o. guerrero was a thin, sickly sort of man, with an unhealthy, yellowish face, deep hollows around his eyes and pale, thin lips. he was losing his hair. he had nervous hands, and could not keep his fingers still. he smoked continuously, lighting a fresh cigarette from the end of each old one. he needed a wash and a clean shirt. he was fifty, but he looked several years older.he was married, and had been for 18 years. in some ways it had been a good marriage. he and inez accepted one another, and their married life had been calm and uneventful. d. o. had always been too busy to be interested in other women. but in the last year he and inez had grown apart. he could no longer share his thoughts with her. this was one of the results of a number of business failures which had made the guerrero family poor. they had been forced to leave their comfortable home and to move to cheaper and cheaper apartments, and in the end to this dark and dirty hole.inez did not enjoy living like this, but she would have been able to bear it if her husband had not become so strange and bad- tempered recently. at times it was impossible to talk to him. a few weeks ago he had hit her across the face, hurting her badly. he refused to show any sorrow or even talk about it later. after that, inez had sent their two children - a boy and a girl - to stay with her married sister, and had taken a job in a coffee shop. she had to work hard, and did not earn much, but they needed the money for food. d. o. hardly seemed to notice that the children had gone.inez was at work now. d. o. was alone in the apartment. like a number of other people, he was about to leave for the airport. in his coat pocket he had a ticket for trans america flight two to rome. inez did not know anything about the ticket or why her husband had bought one.the ticket cost four hundred and seventy-four dollars. d. o. had paid forty-seven dollars and had promised to pay the rest over the next two years. it was highly unlikely that the money would ever be paid. he had got the forty-seven dollars by selling his wife's last possession, her mother's ring.only an airline would have been foolish enough to sell a ticket to d. o. guerrero in this way. airlines were very ready to lend money - perhaps because most of the people who bought tickets from them were so honest.guerrero was a ruined man. there was no money to pay what he owed. he would probably be sent to prison if the police ever found out about some of his business deals. he did not even have the money to pay the rent on this cheap apartment. soon he and inez would be homeless. he could see no future for them.his plan was to blow up trans america flight two. he himself would die, but he did not care about that. his life was of no value now to himself or his family, but his death would be of great value. he had decided to take out life insurance for seventy-five thousand dollars, and to save his family from ruin by his death.in his hopelessness he had no thought or pity for all the people who would die with him. he believed that he was acting out of love for his family.he had been thinking about his death for several months now. he believed that his plan was perfect. he had made a study of such cases, and intended to learn by the mistakes other people had made. the plane must disappear completely. four hours after take-off it would be high above the atlantic ocean. if it exploded there, the pieces would be lost in the sea. nobody would ever be able to find out the truth about how the crash had happened.guerrero had made a simple but deadly bomb, small enough to put into a little, flat case that he could carry with him onto the plane. he had only to put his hand into the case and pull a string. it would all be over in a second. the public did not know how easy it was to make a bomb. as a builder, guerrero had often used explosives, and he had no difficulty in finding what he needed.he hid the bomb under some clothes and papers in the case and looked at the clock. two hours before take-off. time to go to the airport. he had just enough money to get there and to buy the insurance policy.one last thing! a note for inez. he thought for a few seconds and then wrote: "i won't be home for a few days. i'm going away. i expect to have some good news soon, which will surprise you." he signed it "d. o."he paused. it seemed so little to say after 18 years of marriage, but it would be dangerous to say more. the police were certain to examine the note later. he left it on the table.as he went out, he could hear music and laughter coming from downstairs. it was still snowing.