joe patroni, as mel now knew, was on his way to the airport. he had left his home, which was 25 miles from the airport, 20 minutes before, but he was making slow progress through the thick snow.in the end the traffic stopped moving altogether. he lit a cigar.many stories were told about joe patroni.he had begun his working life as a motor mechanic in a garage. one day he won an old plane from someone in a card game. without any help he repaired it and taught himself how to fly it. he studied at night school and went to work for twa as a plane mechanic.soon everyone knew that he was the best mechanic twa had. whenever there was an urgent or difficult repair job, they called joe patroni. he never wasted time and always told people exactly what he thought, regardless of how important the person he was talking to might be.now he was twa maintenance chief at lincoln international. he had been successful in another way, too. he had married the most beautiful air hostess in twa. many people were surprised when marie married a mechanic, but now, twelve years later and with three children, they still loved one another.patroni waited for five minutes. then he turned on the radio. he waited another five minutes and then decided to get out of the car.someone called out: 'what's happened?' and another voice replied: 'there's been an accident.'further along the road he found the reason for the delay. a sixteen-wheel heavy goods vehicle was lying on its side in the road. the police were trying to pull it off the road with a breakdown truck.patroni walked straight up to a policeman. 'you'll never move that sixteen-wheeler with one truck,' he said. 'never in a million years.''oh no?' the policeman replied. 'there's petrol on the road. you'd better put that cigar out.'patroni took no notice of his advice, and continued 'what you ought to do is this-'the policeman did not need to listen for long before he realized that this man knew what he was talking about. ten minutes later joe patroni was in control of the whole operation. two more breakdown trucks were on their way, and chains were being put around the damaged vehicle.as he worked, patroni felt increasingly worried about the situation at the airport, where he knew that he was badly needed. but helping to clear the road, he thought, is probably the most useful thing i can do now. i can't get to the airport until the road is clear.he stopped work to go back to his car and telephone the airport. there was a message for him from mel bakersfeld. runway three zero was urgently needed.when he left the car the snow was still falling heavily. he was glad to see that the first of the two additional breakdown trucks had arrived.