forty-five minutes before it was supposed to take off, the golden argosy was being prepared for its 5,000 mile flight to rome. some of the preparations for a long-distance flight take weeks, or even months. others are made at the last moment.the plane for flight two was a boeing 707-320b. it had four engines and a speed of 620 miles an hour. it could carry 199 passengers.its last flight had been from dusseldorf, germany, to lincoln international. during the flight, one of the engines had become too hot. the plane flew safely on three engines, and the passengers knew nothing about it. if necessary, it could have flown safely on one engine.when it arrived at lincoln international, a team of mechanics was waiting. the repairs took a long time and demanded great skill and care. the plane was not ready to fly again until two hours before it was to leave for rome.as soon as the repairs were finished, the job of loading the plane began. large amounts of food and drink were taken on board, and so were newspapers and magazines. finally, the passengers' luggage and bags of mail were loaded onto the plane. for some reason this was the most badly-managed part of the operation, and luggage was quite often lost or sent on the wrong flight.captain harris had decided to ask for additional fuel tonight. the plane might be delayed for a long time on the runway before take-off, and the engines drank up fuel thirstily.anson harris was not feeling very comfortable. after vernon demerest had told him to put on an airline shirt, he had borrowed one from a friend. it turned out to be too small for him. he decided to suffer in silence, as he did not intend to quarrel with vernon. harris was a professional pilot of the best kind, and he knew that it was dangerous to have quarrels with colleagues on a plane. with vernon demerest checking all his decisions tonight, he didn't want to make any mistakes.another man would be flying with vernon demerest and anson harris. he was the flight engineer, a thin young man called cy jordan, who was also a pilot.a bus took them all to the trans america wing of the airport. as well as the three men there were five air hostesses, one of them being gwen meighen. captain demerest greeted them with a bright 'hi, girls!' captain harris, more formally, said good evening.'the bus moved slowly on the icy road. they could all feel the wind beating against it. when it stopped, they rushed towards the nearest door. they had their final preparations to make.it was now that captain harris asked for additional fuel to be taken on board. vernon checked the weather report. he learned that the weather would improve over the atlantic, and that in rome - and also in naples - it would be fine.the three men were ready for take-off when gwen told them the news. 'the flight has been delayed by an hour,' she said. 'it seems that a lot of the passengers haven't arrived yet, because of the bad weather.''oh no!' vernon said angrily.'shall i bring you some coffee?' gwen suggested.'no, i'll go and get some in the terminal,' he said. 'come with me, gwen.'as they were walking to the coffee shop, vernon thought that the delay might turn out to be very useful for him. he could have another talk with gwen, and this time they would discuss abortion.