it had taken patroni three hours to reach the airport. it usually took him 40 minutes.when he came to the sign that said 'twa maintenance' he jumped out of his car, paused just long enough to light a cigar and then got into the truck which was waiting for him. 'get moving! as fast as you can!' he told the driver.as they raced away, he called the control tower by radio telephone.'we have a message for you,' he was told.'what is it?''joe,' the message went,' i'll give you a box of cigars if you can get that plane off runway three zero tonight.' the message was from mel bakersfeld.patroni laughed. 'now i've got something to work for!' he said.ingram told him what had been happening. first they had taken all the passengers off the plane and had tried to use its own power to move it. that had failed. then all the luggage, mail and most of the plane's fuel had been taken off. still they could not move it.patroni examined the ground around the plane. he did not seem to notice the cold or the snow that was falling on his hands and face. he found that the plane was badly stuck in the wet ground which lay under the ice and snow, but in spite of this he hoped that it would be possible to move it by its own power.they would have to dig deep holes with sloping sides, and line them with wooden boards. then, if they were lucky, the plane could be driven out. it was not going to be an easy job.'the captain's still on board the plane,' ingram told him. 'he refused to do what we asked him to when we first started trying to move the plane. now i think he's a frightened man. he's made some bad mistakes tonight.''he sure has,' patroni agreed. 'get the men working, and i'll go and talk to him.'later, patroni joined the maintenance men and worked with them. he thought that the job would take at least an hour. it was now half past ten, and he hoped to be back home and in his warm bed soon after midnight.chapter twenty onein the coffee shopin the coffee shop vernon demerest ordered tea for gwen and black coffee for himself. coffee helped him to think clearly, and he would probably drink ten more cups on his way to rome.'we're both unusually quiet,' gwen said in her gentle english voice. 'we hardly said a word on our way over here.' she turned her large eyes towards vernon's face.'i wasn't talking because i've been thinking,' he said.'thinking about what? about being a father?' gwen said, smiling. 'would you rather have a boy or a girl?''oh gwen, can't we be serious about this?''why should you be worried if i'm not?' she asked. then she took his hand and said: 'i'm sorry. i suppose it really is a bit of a shock - for both of us.'this was the opportunity vernon had been waiting for. 'we don't have to be parents if we don't want to be,' he said. gwen took her hand away.'i wondered how long it would take,' she said. 'you almost said it in the car, and then you decided to leave it until later, didn't you?''leave what until later?''oh really, vernon! why pretend? you want me to have an abortion, don't you? you've been thinking about it all the time, haven't you?''yes,' he admitted.'what's the matter? did you think i'd never heard the word before?''i wasn't sure how you would feel about it.'gwen looked serious. 'i'm not sure how i feel.'at least she hadn't said 'no' immediately.'it would be the most sensible thing to do,' vernon said. 'and it isn't dangerous at all.''i know. it's very simple, isn't it?'perhaps this was going to be easier than he had expected.'vernon,' she continued, 'have you really thought about this? you want to kill a human being, a person who is part of both of us, a person we have made with our love.''it is not a human being, gwen,' he said firmly. 'it would be later, but it isn't now.''do you mean that you wouldn't kill it later, but you would now?''don't twist my words around, gwen.''i suppose you think i'm being stupid,' she said sadly, 'but i do love you, vernon, i really do.''i know,' he said. 'that's why this is so difficult for both of us.'gwen sighed. 'i suppose in the end i'll be sensible. i'll have an abortion. but i must have a little time to think about it first.''of course. but we must act as quickly as possible.''i promise you i'll decide before the end of this trip.'as they got up to leave the coffee shop, gwen said: 'i'm really lucky to have you, vernon. some men would have walked away and left me.''i won't leave you.'but he would leave her. he had just decided to. when the trip to naples and the abortion were over, he would end the affair as delicately as he could. gwen knew how to behave, and would not make any difficulties for him. even if she did make trouble, he could handle the situation. he had ended love affairs before now.it was true that he cared deeply for gwen. it would not be easy to leave her, but it was time to finish the affair. he did not intend to leave sarah or to make any great changes to his lifestyle.he touched gwen's arm. 'you go on. i'll follow in a minute.'he had just seen mel bakersfeld and, what was worse, he knew that mel had seen him.mel was talking to ned ordway, the man who was chief of police at the airport.'i've just heard that we're to have visitors later,' ordway told him.'we have several thousand already''i don't mean passengers. i mean the people from meadowood. they've just had a meeting, and now they're coming to see you.''oh no!' mel said. 'i'm busy enough tonight without them.''i can't keep them out unless they break the law,' ordway said. 'i've told my men what's going to happen, and they'll handle it carefully. we don't want any violence here.'mel had complete confidence in ned ordway. he knew he was a good policeman.'any other trouble tonight?' he asked.'more fights than usual. it's because of all the flight delays. all the bars are full.' he added: 'i'll let you know when the meadowood crowd get here.'as ordway walked away, mel saw vernon coming towards him. 'good evening, vernon,' he said.'hi.''i hear you know all there is to know about snow clearing now.''i don't need to know much to see that a bad job is being done.''do you know how much snow there has been?' mel asked.'i know better than you, i expect. part of my job is to read weather reports.''we've had about 30 centimetres of snow in the last 24 hours.''then clear it! 'it was useless to try to discuss this matter with vernon. mel knew that his critical report on snow clearing had been written for reasons of personal dislike.'i'll think of you here, stuck in the snow, when i'm enjoying the sun in naples,' vernon said, and walked off laughing.but he soon stopped laughing when he saw the two girls selling insurance policies. they reminded him of a fight that mel bakersfeld had won. he wondered if any flight two passengers were buying insurance. he would like to tell them not to waste their money!as he watched, a thin, nervous-looking man joined the line of people waiting at the desk. he kept looking at the clock, and seemed to be worried because there were so many people in front of him. he should have arrived earlier if he wanted to stand in line for flight insurance, vernon thought.as he hurried away, he heard the announcement: 'trans america airlines announce the departure of flight two, the golden argosy, for rome-'chapter twenty twoguerrero insures himselfthe flight departure announcement meant something different to each person who heard it.to some it meant a business trip, to others a holiday and the possibility of adventure. to some it meant the sadness of parting, and to others a happy meeting. some heard the announcement with fear, and others with joy. they were all about to leave the safety of the ground for the adventure of the skies.more than a hundred and fifty flight two passengers heard the announcement, and hurried to gate 47.gwen meighen welcomed them on board the plane. for her, the other girls and the three men in the team, this was the beginning of many hours of hard work.mel bakersfeld heard the announcement, and remembered that the golden argosy was vernon's flight. he wished that he and vernon could find some way of being polite to each other. perhaps they couldn't be friends, but he didn't want them to be enemies for the rest of their lives. part of the trouble was that vernon, like many pilots, was terribly proud.mel wished that he was still able to fly a plane. he had enjoyed being a pilot, but now he could only fly as a passenger. he was jealous of the people who were flying off into the italian sunshine. he needed a little sunshine in his life, too.***ned ordway heard the announcement as he sat in his small office. he had just received a message from a police car, telling him that the meadowood people had arrived at the airport.***mrs ada quonsett stopped talking for a moment, and listened to the flight announcement. she was sitting next to peter coakley and telling him all about her dead husband.'such a dear person,' she sighed. 'so wise and good-looking. when he was young he looked rather like you.'peter coakley was tired of hearing about herbert quonsett. he felt such a fool, sitting here in his uniform looking after this old grandmother. it was bad luck that her flight to los angeles had been delayed by the storm. he hoped that it would be able to take off soon.he had already forgotten tanya's warning: 'be careful. she's full of little tricks.' he didn't realize that making him tired of her could be part of the old lady's plan.'rome!' mrs quonsett cried. 'imagine that! it must be so interesting to work in an airport, especially for an intelligent young man like you. my dear husband always wanted us to visit rome, but we never did.'while she was talking, she was also thinking. why not go to rome? that would be a story to tell her daughter! her greatest success of all! she knew that she could easily escape from this child in a man's uniform. gate 47, wasn't it? yes, she would try.suddenly she made a low noise and put her hand to her mouth. 'oh dear! oh dear!' she cried weakly.peter coakley looked frightened.'what is it, mrs quonsett? what's wrong?'she closed her eyes, breathing noisily.'i'm so sorry. i'm afraid i don't feel at all well.''do you want me to get you a doctor?''i don't want to be any trouble!''you won't be.''no.' mrs quonsett shook her head weakly. 'i think i'll just go to the ladies' room. i expect i'll be all right.'the young agent looked doubtful.'are you sure?''yes, quite sure.'she took his arm. at the door of the ladies' room she turned to him and said: 'you're so kind to an old lady. thank you so much. you won't go away, will you?''no, of course not.'in the ladies' room she looked for a woman with a kind face. she soon found one.'excuse me,' she said. 'i'm not feeling very well. could you help me?''of course. would you like-?''no - please. i just want to send a message. there's a young man in a trans america uniform waiting outside the door. his name is peter coakley. please tell him that, yes, i would like him to send for a doctor.'when he had gone to fetch a doctor, she sent the woman off to tell her daughter what had happened. her daughter, she said, was "a lady in a long blue coat, with a little white dog". she hoped that the woman wouldn't waste too much time looking for her! she was feeling quite proud of her powers of imagination.when the kind woman had gone, ada quonsett came out of the ladies' room and walked quickly towards gate 47.tanya livingston was dealing with a passenger who said that his luggage had been damaged, and demanded that the airport should buy him a new case. tanya didn't believe that the case had been damaged at the airport. it looked very old. some people will always try to cheat, she thought.she decided that when she had finished with this man, she would go to gate 47. perhaps she would be needed there.***d. o. guerrero heard the flight departure announcement while in the line of people waiting in front of the insurance desk. it was guerrero, appearing hurried and nervous, whom vernon demerest had seen arrive there.there were still four people in front of him. he would miss the flight. but he must not! he could not!he was shaking with nerves. he looked at the clock again. he had to do something! he could not just stand still and see his plan fail!he pushed his way to the front of the line. 'please - my flight has been called - the one to rome. i need insurance! i can't wait!''we're all waiting,' a man said. 'get here earlier next time' guerrero wanted to say: 'there won't be a next time,' but instead he looked at the girl and said: 'please!' again.to his surprise she smiled and asked: 'did you say you were going to rome?''yes, yes. the flight's been called.''i know. the golden argosy.'she smiled at all the people who were waiting.'this gentleman seems to be in a hurry. i'm sure you'll excuse me if i see to him first.'***the girl was called bunnie vorobioff. she was a great success at selling insurance.when she smiled at the people who had been waiting before d. o. guerrero, nobody complained. even guerrero, who did not usually take much notice of women, thought that she was attractive. she had a wide, white smile and a wonderful figure.bunnie knew exactly how much power she had over men. she was using that power for a special reason today. d. o. guerrero could not know this, but the insurance company that bunnie worked for was holding a competition, with a big prize for the girl who could sell the largest amount of insurance. guerrero was going to rome. bunnie hoped that she would be able to sell him a large policy for such a long flight.'what kind of policy do you wish to buy?' she asked him.'life - seventy-five thousand dollars.'this policy would cost him two and a half dollars.he could hardly speak, and when he tried to light a cigarette his hand shook violently. he felt sure that everyone was looking at him and wondering why he wanted such a huge policy.'but that is a small policy! ' bunnie cried. she leaned forward and smiled invitingly at him.'small? - i thought it was the biggest.''oh no!' bunnie laughed. 'why not take a three hundred thousand dollar policy? most people do. it only costs ten dollars.'he had not known that! it would be a fortune for inez.'yes,' he said eagerly. 'please - yes.'then he remembered something. did he have ten dollars left in the world?he began to search feverishly through his pockets. he found four dollars. behind him the other people were beginning to complain again.'you can give me italian money' bunnie said.'i don't have any'. he realized immediately that this was another mistake. now he had told one person that he had no luggage, and another that he had no money. but the plane will be completely destroyed, he reminded himself. no proof will remain.to his surprise he found five dollars in a pocket. then he found a few coins. yes! he had enough! he could not hide his excitement.but now it was bunnie's turn to stop. she had been watching his face while he counted his money, and in it she had seen hopelessness. should she refuse to sell this man a policy?bunnie wanted to win the prize. she paused for only a few seconds before she insured d. o. guerrero's life for three hundred thousand dollars. he posted the policy to his wife, inez. then he rushed towards gate 47 and flight two.chapter twenty threemrs quonsett escapescustoms officer harry standish did not hear the flight departure announcement, but he knew that it had been made. he had a special interest in flight two, because judy would be travelling on it. judy was a fine young girl, and a great favourite with her uncle harry.he was a very busy man, but he found time to walk over to gate 47 to say goodbye to her. when she had gone he stood near the gate for a while, watching the last few passengers hurry by tanya livingston was watching them, too.a tall, fair young man went through the gate. he seemed to be the last one. tanya left as soon as he had disappeared, but standish saw two other people arrive. one of them was a small figure in black, a little old lady.'my son just went through this gate,' he heard her say to a ticket agent. 'he's a tall, fair young man. he's forgotten all his money. may i take it to him, please?'the agent was busy with his papers. 'go and ask an air hostess,' he said, smiling kindly at the old lady.the last passenger came a moment later. he was a thin man who was carrying a small case. something about this man attracted the officer's attention. he knew immediately, from his long experience in dealing with the public, that there was something strange about him.***he had successfully bought and posted the insurance policy, and he was on the plane. d. o. guerrero felt full of confidence. all his difficulties were over.'have a pleasant flight, sir,' the agent at the gate had said to him.his seat was by the window. there was an empty seat in the centre, and then another man. he closed his eyes. he felt happier than he had for a long time. he put his fingers inside the case and felt the important piece of string. when he pulled it, the plane would be destroyed immediately.immediately? he hoped that there would be a last second in which he would know about his success. and then - thank heavens - no more.he opened his eyes. one of the air hostesses was counting the passengers.during the count, mrs ada quonsett was hiding in one of the toilets. if she could remain hidden now, she knew that she had a good chance of reaching rome. it had been a nasty shock seeing that red-haired woman at the gate, but in the end all her plans had gone well.she opened the door a little, and looked out. there was an empty seat between two men, and she decided to slip into it. as she did so, she was included in the passenger count.she hoped that she would find someone interesting to talk to during the flight. she knew that sooner or later she would be found and sent back to los angeles, but before that happened she intended to enjoy a film, a good meal and some pleasant conversation.she looked at the man on her left. he had a thin, yellowish face, and looked as if he needed a good dinner. perhaps he was worried about something. he had a small case on his knees, and he was holding it firmly. mrs quonsett always wanted to know about other people, and she wondered what was inside the case.***standish was talking to tanya.'i watched the last passengers get on flight two,' he told her. there was one man i felt very worried about. if he'd been arriving instead of leaving, i would have asked him to open his case.'what do you think he's doing?''i don't know. oh, perhaps i'm wrong, but i have a strange feeling about him.'as tanya walked back to her office, she wondered what - if anything - she should do about this.she found peter coakley waiting for her there.'what are you doing here?'he had to tell her that the little old lady had been too clever for him.tanya was extremely angry. 'didn't i warn you about her?' she shouted.all they could do now was telephone the gates and warn all the agents not to allow an old lady in black to get on a plane.tanya knew that it was total war between mrs quonsett and her - and the old lady was winning.for a moment, her conversation with standish was forgotten.***at the controls of the golden argosy, vernon demerest was beginning to lose his temper.'what are we waiting for? why can't we take off?'he saw gwen coming towards him. 'gwen! what's happening?'she looked worried. 'the passenger count keeps going wrong. we're checking it now. we seem to have one passenger too many.'that, vernon thought, was not a good enough reason to delay their take-off any longer, especially on a night like this, when traffic was very heavy. a delay like this was expensive as well as annoying.he did not waste time, but found the officer who was responsible for checking the passengers' tickets.'look,' he said, 'the engines are running. we're using up fuel fast. there's a runway ready for us now, but there may not be later. if we wait for you to fool around any longer, there may be a really big delay. now decide what you are going to do - but please, make the right decision!'as usual, vernon won. the passengers were not checked again.'rome - and naples - here we come!'it was 11 o'clock. a tired, badly dressed woman almost fell as she ran towards gate 47. she had no breath left to ask questions, but she could see that it was unnecessary to ask.inez guerrero saw the lights of a plane moving away from her into the darkness. she had arrived too late.chapter twenty fourtake-offthe minutes just before take-off were a busy time for gwen meighen. first she had to welcome the passengers on board the plane. with her pleasant voice she tried to make the insincere words mean something. then there were more important announcements to make, telling the passengers what to do in an emergency.they had not yet reached the runway when gwen finished these. she noticed that they seemed to be moving slowly tonight, and guessed that this was because of the snow and the heavy traffic. she could hear the wind blowing hard outside.her last announcement was the one she enjoyed making least. she had to tell the passengers that just after take-off the power of the engines would be reduced in order to lessen the noise they made. she told them that this always happened. it did not, as she knew. it was a dangerous thing to do, but lincoln international had decided that planes which took off over meadowood must do it.she knew what vernon thought about this rule. he called it stupid and extremely dangerous. thinking of him, she smiled. there were so many things about him that she loved.looking out of the window, she could see the lights of another plane in front of them, and others waiting behind them.she sat down and prepared herself for the take-off. as the noise of the engines grew, there was only one question in her mind- vernon's child and her own - should it live or die? how could anyone expect her to decide such a thing?although gwen had told the passengers that power would be reduced after take-off to lessen the noise, captain harris had decided that it would be too dangerous to do this during the storm. the people of meadowood might complain, but he would not risk his plane and the lives of his passengers. at least this was one thing that he and vernon demerest agreed about!they had been lucky to reach the runway so quickly. the additional fuel taken on by harris had not been needed. now they were at the front of a long line of waiting planes, at the beginning of runway two five.two five was cut across by another runway, one seven, left. as he waited, harris could see through the snow the lights of a plane about to land on one seven, left. it crossed their path, and immediately he heard the controller's voice say: 'trans america two cleared for take-off. go now!'he did not wait for a second. above the airfield another plane was already approaching one seven, left.the golden argosy burst forward along the runway and then up into the clouds. the beginning of the flight would be rough, but soon they would be up in the clear sky, flying above the storm.although keith bakersfeld was not controlling the take-off of flight two, he heard and recognized vernon demerest's voice. like mel, keith was not particularly friendly with his sister's husband, although he had never quarrelled with him.as he worked, he kept putting his hand into his pocket to touch the key to the hotel room that he had taken.his thoughts of death were interrupted by wayne tevis.'stop work for a few minutes,' he told keith. 'your brother is here to see you.'hello,' mel said. 'how are things?''all right, i suppose.'mel had brought two cups of coffee with him. he was always thoughtful like that. keith watched his own hand shake as he took the cup. mel was shocked by his appearance. he had never seen his brother looking so tired and ill before.their father had been one of the first pilots. he had loved flying, and had been killed performing a daring trick in an air show. he had pushed his sons into a life in aviation, and perhaps, mel thought, it had been the wrong thing to do to keith.he opened the door. 'come out for a moment, keith. we'll be able to talk more easily out here.'when they were outside the door, he continued quietly. 'you look ill, keith, as i'm sure you know. please be honest with me, and tell me what's wrong. you look as if you need a holiday - or perhaps more than a holiday - from air traffic control.'keith smiled at him for the first time. 'you've been talking to natalie.'this was true. mel wondered if keith knew how lucky he had been in his choice of a wife. he had always been a little jealous of their relationship. he couldn't help feeling that natalie was a better woman than cindy.'keith,' he said, 'is it something to do with the accident at leesburg? is there something that you know about that crash that nobody else knows? is that what's worrying you?'keith paused for a moment before he answered, 'yes.''please tell me, keith. let me try to help you.''no. i can't.'but why not? he thought. he was going to kill himself. perhaps he should share his terrible secret with his brother before he died. they had always been very close to one another.'you know something about the accident,' he began slowly, 'but you don't know everything.''go on. i'm listening.'the words began to pour out in a flood. suddenly keith wanted very much to tell mel that the accident had been completely his fault. he, and only he, had killed the redfern family and ruined the lives of perry yount and george wallace.without warning, a door opened. 'oh mr bakersfeld,' a voice said. 'could you phone ned ordway? he's been looking everywhere for you. so has danny farrow.'mel wanted to cry out, to shout for silence, or at least a delay. but it was too late. keith had stopped talking immediately. he was alone again, and as lonely as before. he was sorry now that he had started to tell mel his secret. it was better that it should die with him.he went back to the radar room, and mel knew that he would hear no more from him tonight. mel himself had to talk to danny farrow and ned ordway. the police chief wanted to tell him that the meadowood people were beginning to arrive at the airport. so far they had caused no trouble. but there was something else.a policeman had found a woman wandering about the airport crying. she was unable to tell him what was wrong with her, and he hadn't wanted to frighten her by taking her to the police station.'then what did you do with her?' mel asked.'i left her sitting outside your office. it's quiet there, and she can calm down and collect her thoughts.''is she alone?''one of my men was with her, but he may have left by now. i'm sure she isn't dangerous.''i'm going back to my office in a few minutes,' mel said. 'i'll speak to her then.' he hoped that he would have more success in helping this woman than he had had with his brother. he was still very worried about keith.'did you take her name?''yes, i've got it here. guerrero. mrs inez guerrero.'***tanya livingston cried, 'you mean mrs quonsett's on board flight two?''i'm afraid so, mrs livingston,' the ticket agent said.he was in tanya's office. so was an extremely red-faced peter coakley.'i didn't think she could get past me like that,' the agent went on. 'but, i was so busy that she did. i was doing the work of two people all evening.''yes, i know,' tanya said. she couldn't blame him. in fact, she blamed herself.'she said that her son had forgotten his money, and that she wanted to go and give it to him.''she often says that. it's one of her many tricks.''she sure can fool you,' poor peter coakley said.there was no doubt about it. ada quonsett was on her way to rome. the flight had already taken off, and there were no stops. the old lady had won her battle against tanya.when peter coakley and the agent had left, bert weatherby, the transport manager, wanted to see tanya. she had to take full responsibility for mrs quonsett's presence on flight two.'send a radio message to the captain and tell him what has happened,' weatherby told tanya. 'by the way, who is the captain?''captain demerest.''oh no! he always loves it when other people make mistakes! well, it was your mistake, and you must deal with it.''yes, sir.'tanya tried to tell him about her conversation with standish, but weatherby had heard enough already.'forget it!' he shouted. 'let italian customs deal with the man. it isn't our problem.'but tanya couldn't help worrying about the thin man with the small case.chapter twenty fivecindy's decisionin a taxi on her way to the airport, cindy bakersfeld leaned back and closed her eyes. she had a lot to think about.her marriage to mel was over. they had been growing slowly apart for a long time, and now cindy realized that they had reached the end. early in their marriage they had had the wonderful social life that she wanted, but now mel seemed to have only one interest in life - the airport.the trouble had really begun at the time when mel met president kennedy. cindy had hoped for invitations to the white house, and had dreamed of calling jackie kennedy her friend. it had never happened. after president kennedy's death mel put everything into his job. that left cindy with nothing. she knew that she was not a very clever woman, and now her chief aim in life was for her daughters to become great social successes.this was something that lionel would be able to help her with. as mel had guessed, cindy had found a lover. lionel came from an old and respected family, and had plenty of money. he had left his wife, and now he wanted to marry cindy. he was ready to act as a father to roberta and libby.true, he was not young or attractive, as mel had been when she married him, but cindy could see that there would be a lot of advantages in being married to such a man.she did not like making decisions, and she could not help remembering that she had once been happy with mel, but she knew that the time for action had come. they could not go on living together.she paid the taxi-driver and hurried to mel's office. there was a badly dressed middle-aged woman in wet clothes waiting outside the office. her eyes were red from crying. cindy did not take much notice of her, but went into the office and sat down to wait for mel.when he came in a few minutes later, he seemed surprised to see her there. he had not really expected her to come, and wondered exactly what she wanted. she looked very beautiful tonight. he noticed it, but it no longer seemed to touch him.'why have you come here?' he asked.'why do you think?''i think you want a fight. don't we fight enough at home, without starting here?''you don't spend much time at home these days.''i would if it was more pleasant there.'it seemed that they could not talk to each other for a few minutes without quarrelling.'you pretend to be so busy here,' she continued.'tonight i am.''tonight! what about all the other times?''i admit it,' mel said. 'sometimes it has been more pleasant to stay here than to come home to a fight with you.''you're being honest about it for the first time!''and when i do come home,' he went on, 'you always seem to want to go out to some stupid party.''stupid party!' cindy shouted angrily. 'so you never intended to come to the party tonight. i knew you wouldn't come! you're nothing but a liar!''calm down, cindy''i won't calm down!'what had happened to them? mel wondered. why were they behaving like two children?'i'm not a liar,' he said, 'although i am sometimes glad that my work here keeps me away from home. i really am busy tonight. for a start, i must see that woman who's waiting outside the door. she's in trouble.''your wife's in trouble,' cindy said. 'that woman can wait.''all right.''mel,' she went on,'this is the end for us, isn't it?'he did not want to agree with her, but he had to face the truth. 'yes, i'm afraid it is. neither of us will ever change enough to please the other.''i've been thinking about this,' cindy said slowly,'and i think i want a divorce.''are you sure? it's a big step to take.''yes, i'm sure.''so am i,' mel said sadly. 'i think it's the right decision for us to make.'there was no anger now. they were both very calm.'i'm sorry,' cindy said,'i'm sorry, too.' mel was close to tears at the thought of losing his daughters. they would remain with their mother. he knew that he would miss his talks with libby very badly. earlier this evening she had asked him for a 'map of february'. well, now he had one.there was a knock at the door.'i'm sorry to interrupt,' ordway said.'that's all right. what is it?''the meadowood people are here to see you.'he brought six representatives of meadowood into the office. they were followed by elliott freemantle and three reporters. cindy remained where she was, silent and angry at the interruption.through the open door, mel saw that the woman who had been waiting was standing now. when he looked again a moment later, he noticed that she had gone.chapter twenty sixmrs quonsett enjoys herselftrans america flight two was twenty minutes out of lincoln international, and on course for rome. it was flying above the storm, in a clear sky.inside the plane, a radio message was being received. anson harris, cy jordan and vernon all laughed as they listened to the description of mrs ada quonsett, the stowaway.'i don't believe it!' jordan said.'i do!' vernon laughed. 'it's so easy to get past those fools on the ground. even an old grandmother is too clever for them!'he asked gwen to go and look for the old lady. when she came back she was laughing, too. 'she's all in black, and about eighty years old. a real threat to public safety! shall i ask her to show me her ticket?''no,' vernon said, 'don't do that.'the others looked at him in surprise.'let her enjoy the flight. give her a nice dinner and let her see the film. you can tell her that we know who she is just before we get to rome.''well, vernon, you can be quite likeable sometimes!' gwen said.'i didn't know you liked old ladies, vernon,' harris said, when gwen had gone.vernon laughed. 'i prefer young ones. i'm not like you, anson!'everyone knew that harris had never cheated on his wife. when he was away from home on flights, vernon had seen him reading books or going to a film - alone.'how many children have you got?' he asked.'seven. four we intended to have, and three we didn't. but we're glad to have them all.''the ones you didn't intend to have. did you ever consider doing anything about them? before they were born?''do you mean abortion?' harris asked sharply.'yes.''never. it's something i have very strong views about.''because of your religion?''no. i'm not a very religious man.''why then?''do you really want to hear all about it?''why not? we have all night.'they would be able to hear any radio calls that might come in, and they were free to talk.harris told vernon what he believed. he said that society had progressed by caring about people and by respecting their rights. abortion refused a child the right to life, and to him this was as bad as murder.this was not at all what vernon wanted to hear.'you should have been a lawyer, not a pilot,' he told harris.'i told you that i had strong feelings about this. you don't need to be religious to respect human life.''or to have a lot of stupid ideas! anyway, abortion is becoming easier all the time. not many people agree with you.''then our society is taking a step backwards.' harris replied firmly.'so you think it's right for unwanted children to grow up without any of the advantages of normal family life, do you?''no, of course not. we should help them by trying to improve our society, not by killing them.'vernon was beginning to wish that he had never started this conversation.'let's get some food before the passengers eat it all,' he said. he didn't want to listen to any more of harris and his old woman's arguments. of course it would be right for gwen to have an abortion - as soon as possible!mrs quonsett was enjoying a pleasant conversation with one of her neighbours, who was a musician.'how wonderful,' she said. 'my husband loved good music. he played a little himself, but not professionally, of course. what a pity he can't be here to talk to you!'her new friend had already bought her one drink, and now he asked her if she would like another.'how kind of you,' she said. 'perhaps i shouldn't say yes, but i really think i will.'her other neighbour was rather a disappointment. she had tried to talk to him, but he had said almost nothing. he just sat there with his case on his knees.'poor man,' she said to herself. 'perhaps he has problems.'she enjoyed her second drink even more than the first one. soon she would be having dinner, and then there would be a film. she had never felt happier in her life.guerrero calculated that they were flying over the detroit area. he was correct. there had been several useful announcements about the position and speed of the plane and, like every other passenger, he had a flight map. in about two and a half hours they would be flying over the coast of newfoundland, and an hour after that would be the best time to pull the string and blow them all up.now that the time was near, he wanted it to come quickly. he did not want to talk to anybody, especially not to that annoying old woman in the next seat. he just wanted to close his eyes and dream about all the money that would be coming to inez and the children.he wondered if they would ever guess what he had done for them, and thank him for it. but there was one strange thing - he couldn't remember their faces any more. it was easier for him to imagine the money.then he must have fallen asleep. when he woke up, a voice was saying: 'are you ready for your dinner, sir? may i take your case?'chapter twenty sevenmel meets elliott freemantleas soon as mel met elliott freemantle, the lawyer, he disliked him. ten minutes later, he knew that he hated the man.it seemed that freemantle was being as unpleasant as possible. he replied rudely to everything that mel said. mel soon realized that the lawyer was trying to make him lose his temper. he continued to speak calmly and politely to him, but he was finding it increasingly difficult.freemantle claimed that he did not care that people's lives were being ruined by the noise from the airport.'we do care,' mel told him. 'we know that there's a problem, and we're doing our best to solve it.''then your best is not good enough. and what have you done? you've just made a lot of empty promises, that's all.''that's not true. we only use runway two five - which is the runway nearest to meadowood - when we have to. the airport loses money by doing this. perhaps you don't know this, but we've had many meetings with representatives of meadowood before.''perhaps you didn't tell them the truth at all those other meetings. this meeting is going to be very different!'mel decided not to answer. he saw that the reporters were writing busily, and knew that this was what freemantle wanted. he felt sorry for cindy, who had no interest at all in this matter.'you tell us that the runway nearest to meadowood is not used,' elliot continued, 'but it was certainly in use tonight.''there's been a storm,' mel said. 'i suppose that you've all noticed it? we had to use two five because three zero is blocked.''we understand the reason, mr bakersfeld,' an older man said, 'but that doesn't help us. we still suffer from the noise. my name is floyd zanetta, and-''excuse me,' elliott freemantle interrupted. 'there's another point that i should like to make. we ought to tell you that we intend to take this airport to court, and we intend to win our case. your airport, mr bakersfeld, is going to be closed down.'of course elliott knew that this would never happen. he was speaking well tonight, though. he wished that he could be heard by a larger group of people.'you are free to try anything you like,' mel said, 'but i don't believe that any court would close down this airport.''oh? i didn't know that you were a lawyer! ''i'm not, as i'm sure you know.''well, i am a lawyer, you see,' elliott freemantle said, 'and i can tell you that there have been many cases like this. the airports have lost them.'he named several cases. mel felt rather amused. he knew all about them, and understood that the situations had been very different from this one. there were many other cases which the airports had won, but of course elliott did not mention them.mel decided that the lawyer had said enough, and that it was time for him to speak. 'since we are all here, there are some things i would like to say to you on the subject of airports and noise generally' he said.'that won't be necessary''really, mr freemantle? i've listened to everything you've had to say. don't you think you ought to listen to me now? i'm sure the press will be interested in this.''i think we ought-' zanetta started to say.'let mr freemantle answer me,' mel said sharply.'there's no need to shout or to be rude,' elliott said, smiling.'oh? then why have you been doing both those things yourself?''are you losing your temper, mr bakersfeld?''no,' mel said. 'i know that you would like me to, but i'm not going to. i'm going to tell you all the facts about this situation.'he told them how difficult it was to reduce the noise that a huge plane makes when it takes off and lands. planes were getting bigger and noisier all the time, too. there was no easy answer to the meadowood problem. in the end, the people would probably have to move from there. the airport would pay them for the loss of their homes.'yes! you will pay them!' elliott freemantle said, rising to his feet,' and sooner than you think. we'll see you in court.' he went out, and the others followed him quietly.'i'm sorry about that,' mel told cindy.'you should have married the airport, not me.'one of the reporters, a young man called tomlinson, came back into the office.'mr bakersfeld, could i see you for a moment?''what is it?' mel asked. he felt terribly tired.'i thought you'd like to see this.'it was one of the papers that elliott freemantle had given to the people at the meeting to sign, in order to name him as their lawyer. mel looked at tomlinson.'how many people signed this?''i'm not sure. several hundred, i think.'now mel understood what freemantle was trying to do.'will you mention this in your story?''yes, but i don't know whether or not my paper will print it.''thanks for telling me about it.' he wished that he had known about the money earlier.'i'd like to talk to you about the airport, if you have time,' the reporter said.'certainly,' mel replied, 'but not just now. at the moment there are lots of problems all demanding my attention. i hope we'll have a chance to talk later tonight.'chapter twenty eightthe search for inezas tomlinson left mel's office, cindy stood up.'you have lots of problems demanding your attention,' she said bitterly, 'and i'm sure they're all more important to you than your wife.''cindy, i really do have to work.''yes, but you love it, don't you? you love your work much more than you love me or the children or a good social life.''why are we fighting? we don't have to fight any more.''no,' cindy said. 'i suppose not.'there was a silence.'are you quite sure about the divorce?' mel asked. 'if you have any doubts-''i haven't, and neither have you really.''that's true.'she almost started to tell him about lionel, but then decided that it would be better to keep it a secret.there was a light knock at the door.'again!' cindy exclaimed.tanya livingston came in. 'mel, i need some advice-' she began. then she saw cindy, and stopped. 'excuse me. i thought you were alone.''he will be very soon,' cindy said, looking hard at tanya, tanya went red. 'i'm sorry, mrs bakersfeld. i didn't mean to interrupt you.''i'm sure that it's time we were interrupted,' cindy went on looking at mel. 'after all, it must be at least two minutes since someone came in.' she turned to tanya. 'how do you know my name? and who are you?''i'm sorry,' mel said. 'i should have introduced you to one another.'he knew that cindy was wondering about his relationship with tanya. she was looking at tanya in a strange way. had she already guessed that they planned to meet later that night? it didn't matter what she thought, though, now that they had decided to get divorced.'how nice that attractive ladies come to ask you for your advice,' cindy said sweetly. 'it must make your job so much more interesting.' she turned to tanya. 'now, what exactly was your problem?''i said that i wanted some advice.''oh really? what kind of advice? professional or personal?''stop it, cindy!' mel said sharply. 'that's enough! you have no right to behave like this!'tanya looked at cindy calmly. 'it's about flight two. that's a flight to rome, mrs bakersfeld.''what's wrong?' mel asked.tanya told him about the thin man with a small case, and her conversation with the customs officer, standish.'it sounds like a job for italian customs, not us,' he said.they had both forgotten that cindy was there.'i'm not sure. i've checked on this man, and i've discovered something strange about him. he's flying to rome without any luggage.''flying to rome without any luggage! that's mad! why would he do that?''i don't know,' tanya admitted, 'well - it may sound stupid, but...''go on. what are you trying to suggest?''perhaps he doesn't need any luggage because he knows that the flight will never arrive. if there's a bomb in the case-'a bomb. mel wondered what he should do. it could be all imagination and yet - what if it was true? he did not want to look a fool, but on the other hand . . . then he thought of one thing that he could check.he phoned the insurance desk, and asked the girl for the names of all the people who had bought flight insurance policies that evening.while he was waiting for the girl to find the names, he asked tanya: 'did you get the name of the man with no luggage?''yes, his name's guerrero. d. o. guerrero.'the same name as that woman ned ordway had brought to his office! could there be some connection?'tanya,' he said, 'there was a middle-aged woman waiting outside my office earlier this evening. i didn't have time to see her, and she left. try and find her now. her name is inez guerrero.'tanya went off to make the announcement that he hoped inez guerrero would hear. it would be heard all over the terminal.the girl from the insurance desk came back to the telephone with the information that mel needed. now he knew exactly how important it was to find inez.they must find her. if only he had had time to talk to her earlier! but there had been the meadowood meeting, and keith to worry about - mel remembered he had considered going back to the control tower. then there had been cindy. he looked around and realized that cindy had gone. he had not even noticed her leaving.he phoned ordway. now every policeman in the airport would be looking for inez guerrero.tanya came back. 'have you discovered anything new about our man?' she asked.mel answered her slowly and quietly. 'yes, i have. guerrero, the man who is going to rome without any luggage, insured his life this evening for three hundred thousand dollars. in the event of his death, the money would go to inez guerrero. he bought the policy with his last few coins.'tanya turned white. 'oh no!' she whispered. 'oh god, no!'chapter twenty ninethe plane on the runwaypatroni was glad that he worked out on the airfield, and not in an office. he saw the office workers and managers as children who played games against one another. on the other hand, he saw the engineers and maintenance men as adults who shared their skills and worked together.this was being proved to him tonight. he had begun the job of digging under the aereo-mexican plane with a small group of aereo-mexican and twa workers. now they were being helped by others from braniff and pan am who had come without being asked. that made patroni feel good.in spite of the additional help, this job was taking longer than he had expected. the digging was progressing slowly, because the men had to stop very often to warm themselves. it was bitterly cold. when they had finished it would be the pilot's responsibility to drive the plane forwards, out of the wet ground.patroni had been digging too. he enjoyed sharing the work done by his team of men. now he stopped and said: 'we'll be finished in five minutes. i'll go and talk to the pilot.'the mexican pilot was listening to music inside the plane. it was warm and comfortable in there. as patroni came in, he turned the radio off.'don't worry,' patroni said. 'enjoy the music. we didn't really expect you to come and help us with our work.''i have my job to do. you have yours,' the captain said, in his correct but rather stiff english.'sure, but we all want to get this plane out of the mud. would you like me to drive it out?''no thank you,' the captain said coldly.'it will be very difficult, and i've done it before.''mr patroni, i know who you are. i am sure that you are very good at your job. but i am the captain of this plane, and i shall remain in control of it!''all right. but when i tell you to, make sure that you give the engines full power - and i mean full power!'patroni left the captain. outside the digging had stopped. they were ready to move the plane.'ready to start! 'there was a sudden burst of noise as engine number three started.'clear to start four!'the maintenance men were running out of the way of the plane.'clear to start two!''clear to start one!'patroni was on the telephone to the captain. 'let's get moving! more power!' he shouted, as the engines and the plane shook.the engine noise grew, and then suddenly died.'it cannot be done,' the captain said. 'if i give the engines more power, the plane will stand on its nose. instead of a stuck plane we shall have a damaged one.''it can be done! it can, if you have the courage to try!''you may try now, if you like. let us see what your courage can do. will you accept full responsibility for this plane?''yes!''good night, then.'as the pilot left, patroni examined the ground beneath the plane. as he had feared, the plane was now deeper in the mud than before.they would have to start the whole operation again a hard job to ask tired men to do. patroni knew that he could move the plane. this time, he would take the controls.chapter thirtyinez loses hopeinez guerrero could no longer remember where she was or why she was there. her troubles were too great for her to bear, and her tired brain refused to think any more.the taxi-driver who had brought her to the airport had added to her pain. she had paid him with her last ten dollars, and expected him to give her some change. he said that he had none, but that he would go and get some. inez wasted time by waiting for him. he never returned, and he had taken the last of her money.if she had not waited for the change, she might have reached gate 47 before flight two left. but she had been too late. she learned from the agent at the gate that d. o. guerrero had left on flight two.now she was completely alone and without money. she began to cry. at first the tears came slowly. then, as she thought of all her troubles, she began to cry noisily. she cried for the past and for the present, for what she had had and what she had lost. she cried for her home and children, and for her husband who had now left her. she cried because her shoes hurt her feet, because her clothes were wet, and because she felt old and tired and ill. she cried for herself and for everyone else who was poor and who lived without hope.people began to give her strange looks, so she wandered away, without knowing where to go. soon after, a policeman found her and took her to mel's office. she did not understand where she was being taken, but she went quietly.she sat there for a while, but then she wandered away again. once, she thought she heard her name in an announcement, but she knew that she must be dreaming. nobody at the airport could possibly know her name.chapter thirty onedanger for the golden argosyseveral people were hurrying towards mel's office as quickly as they could. mel and tanya had made some phone calls, and they had made it clear that speed was all important.bert weatherby, the transport manager of twa and tanya's boss, arrived first, followed by ned ordway.'what's this all about?' weatherby asked.'we're not sure, but we think there may be a bomb on board the rome flight.'weatherby looked hard at tanya, but he said nothing. mel told the two men all that he and tanya knew. while he was explaining the situation harry standish came in with bunnie vorobioff, the girl who had sold the insurance policy to guerrero. as she listened to what mel was saying, she began to look pale and frightened.'what we have to decide,' mel told them all, 'is whether we should warn the captain of flight two, and if so, what we should tell him.' the captain of flight two was vernon demerest, he remembered.the telephone rang. there was more information for them about flight two, giving them the present position of the plane, and its height, speed and course. there was some news from joe patroni, too. runway three zero would be out of use for at least one more hour.weatherby asked: 'that woman - the passenger's wife. what's her name?''inez guerrero,' ordway told him.'where is she?''we don't know. my men are looking for her now.''she was here,' mel said. 'we had no idea-''we were all slow,' weatherby said.tanya knew that he was remembering that he had told her to 'forget it!' when she had tried to talk to him about guerrero.'perhaps we should send a description of guerrero to the captain,' she suggested.'yes,' mel agreed. 'we have someone here who has seen him and can describe him.'he turned to bunnie. 'are you miss vorobioff?'all the men turned to look at her. weatherby almost whistled, but he managed to stop himself just in time.'do you remember the man we are talking about?''i - i'm not sure,' she said nervously.'a man called d. o. guerrero. you sold him an insurance policy, didn't you?''yes.''so you can tell us what he looks like.''no -i can't.'mel looked surprised. 'but i thought you said earlier that you could!''i'm sorry. i don't remember now.'ned ordway stepped towards bunnie. 'listen,' he said. 'i know that you can describe this man. you're frightened, aren't you? you think that it will get you into trouble?'bunnie did not answer.ordway's voice was hard as he went on. 'you'll be in really big trouble if you refuse to tell us what you know. now, i'll ask you once more. do you remember guerrero?''yes,' she said quietly.'describe him.''a thin man with nervous hands. a pale yellowish face and thin lips. he had no italian money, and had to search his pockets before he found enough coins to pay for his insurance policy.''and you sold him one!' weatherby cried. 'you must be mad!''i thought-''you thought! but what did you do? nothing! oh, we're all mad to allow you to sell insurance at an airport.'mel turned to standish. 'would you like to say anything?''just this. if this man has a bomb in his case, he must be able to reach it easily. if anyone is going to try to take the case from him, it will have to be done very carefully.''of course,' mel said, 'there may be no bomb. he may be just an ordinary passenger.''i don't think so. i wish i did, because my favourite little girl is on that flight.'if only i had acted earlier! standish was thinking. how will i tell judy's parents if anything happens to her?'as a customs man, i'm used to watching people,' he went on. 'let me say something about guerrero. i'm sure that he's a dangerous man. put that word in your message to the captain - dangerous.'as the message was being prepared and sent, ordway received some news from his men. they had found inez guerrero.she had been sitting quietly in a corner when she heard someone ask: 'inez guerrero? are you mrs inez guerrero?'she looked up and saw a policeman. a different policeman from last time.'are you mrs guerrero?''yes,' she whispered.'come on. the whole airport's looking for you.' ten minutes later she was sitting in mel's office, surrounded by people.'mrs guerrero,' ordway asked, 'why is your husband going to rome?'she did not answer.'please listen to me carefully. we need your help. i have to ask you some questions about your husband. will you answer them?''come on!' weatherby said impatiently. 'this is wasting time. get rough with her if you have to!''leave it to me, mr weatherby' ordway said calmly, 'shouting won't make this any quicker.''inez,' he continued. 'may i call you inez?''yes,' she whispered. 'inez, will you answer my questions?''yes - if i can.''why is your husband going to rome?' he could hardly hear her answer.'i don't know.''have you got any friends there?''no.''what is your husband's job?''he was a builder.''was? isn't he now?''things went - wrong.''is he in trouble?''yes.''in debt?''yes.''then how did he pay for his ticket?'she told ordway about the ring that d. o. had sold.'did you agree to this?''no! i didn't know what he was doing.''i believe you, inez. did your husband often do strange things without telling you?''yes.''was he ever violent?''yes,' she whispered. 'please, why do you want to know all this?''did he ever use explosives?''yes - he liked using them.'everyone in the room was suddenly silent.'where do you live?'she gave them her address.'and where did he keep the explosives?''in a drawer in the bedroom.' a sudden look of shock crossed her face.ordway saw it. 'you thought of something then! what was it?''nothing.''that's not true! tell me, inez, what was it?' ordway had stopped being gentle and polite. now he was shouting 'tell me! tell me!' at her.'tonight - the explosives - i didn't think of it before.''yes! go on!''they had gone.'nobody spoke.'did you know that your husband was going to insure his life heavily?''no - no-''i believe you. now listen to me carefully. we think that your husband intends to use those explosives to blow up the plane he is on. he is heavily insured, and the money would come to you. the explosion would kill everyone on the plane - including children. inez, you know your husband. could he do a thing like that?'tears poured down her face. she could hardly speak. 'yes,' she cried. 'yes, i think he could.'chapter thirty twovernon's planon board the golden argosy captains harris and demerest were enjoying a good meal. they had exactly the same to eat as the first-class passengers, but without the wine, of course.suddenly, their meal was interrupted as a radio message came through. while vernon wrote it down, his face changed. he passed it to harris and jordan.there was only one sensible thing to do - turn in a wide circle that the passengers would not notice, and return to lincoln international. harris began to do this immediately. vernon sent for gwen.'what do you want?' she asked as she came in. 'if it's more to eat, i'll have to say no!''we want you to look for a passenger,' vernon told her. 'look, you'd better read this message.'as she stood by him reading, he watched her face. she looked serious, but not frightened. he remembered that she had told him that she loved him. he wondered whether he himself had ever really loved anybody. perhaps what he felt for gwen was the nearest that he would ever come to love.for a moment he felt angry about the change in plans. they would not get to naples now as quickly as he would have liked to. a second later he was the complete professional pilot once again, with thoughts only for his plane and his passengers.'find this man, gwen,' he told her. 'see how easy it would be to get the case from him.''i've already noticed him,' she said quietly. 'i don't need to look again. he wouldn't let me touch his case when i took him his dinner. another reason i remember him is that he's sitting next to our old lady stowaway. he's between her and the window.''that will make it difficult for us to get the case away from him.'for the first time vernon began to feel that they were in danger.'if only we could think of some trick,' he said slowly. 'did you say that he's next to our little old stowaway?''yes.''and she doesn't yet know that we know who she is?''that's right.''listen. i have an idea. it may work.'***mrs quonsett was just finishing her meal. 'that was very nice, my dear,' she said to the girl who had come to clear the empty meal containers.then she noticed another girl standing by her. she had black hair, an intelligent face, and strong, dark eyes. mrs quonsett had noticed her earlier.'excuse me. may i see your ticket?''why, of course,' mrs quonsett said. she knew what was happening, but she never gave up without a fight.she pretended to search her handbag. 'how strange! i simply can't seem to find my ticket!''shall i look?' gwen said coldly. 'if you have a ticket, i'm sure i'll find it.''certainly not! my handbag is private. i shall find the ticket myself. you're english, aren't you?' she went on. 'how beautiful you make our language sound. my husband always used to say-''never mind about him. i want your ticket.' it was hard for gwen to be so rude and unpleasant to an old woman, but vernon had told her exactly what she had to do.'i'm trying to be patient with you, my dear, but i really shall have to complain.''will you, mrs quonsett? you see, i know all about you. this isn't the first plane you've got on without a ticket, is it?''if you know all about me already, there's nothing more i can say.''what's wrong?' mrs quonsett's musician friend asked, 'perhaps i can help.''are you travelling with this lady?''no.''then this does not concern you.''are we going back to the airport?' mrs quonsett asked.'you're not important enough for that. we'll deal with you in rome.'gwen hoped that guerrero was listening. she looked at him quickly, and felt a sudden icy fear.'come with me,' she said to the old lady. 'the captain wants to speak to you, and he doesn't like to be kept waiting.'mrs quonsett was feeling rather frightened of the captain, so she was very surprised when he said 'hello!' to her in a friendly voice.'forget what happened just then,' he told her. 'i ordered miss meighen to be rude to you. that isn't the reason i want to speak to you.'mrs quonsett looked around. how exciting to see how a plane was flown! it would be another adventure to tell her daughter about.'do you get frightened easily?' the captain asked her.what a strange question! 'no,' she said. 'when you are as old as i am, there isn't much left to be frightened of.''we need your help, mrs quonsett,' he told her. 'i suppose you've noticed the man sitting between you and the window?''yes. he won't talk to anyone. i think he's worried about something.''we're worried, too. we think that he has a bomb in his case.'this was exciting, but a bit frightening, too.'i suppose you want me to try and take the case away from him,' she said.'no! don't touch the case. that would be very dangerous for us all. now listen...'when he had finished telling her his plan, she smiled. 'oh yes, i think i can do that,' she said.'why do you keep flying to new york as a stowaway? 'vernon asked her. she told him all about her daughter in new york, and how lonely she sometimes felt in san diego.'if you can help us now,' he said, 'i promise we'll give you a free ticket to new york and back, first class.'mrs quonsett's eyes filled with tears. how kind! what a dear, wonderful man!***mrs quonsett really was crying as gwen pushed her roughly back towards her seat. 'what a good actress i'm becoming!' she thought happily.'couldn't you be less rough?' one passenger asked gwen.'keep out of this, sir,' she replied, knowing that guerrero could hear her. again, she felt a wave of fear at the thought of him.as mrs quonsett's friendly neighbour stood up to let her sit down, gwen stood between him and his seat. vernon was waiting behind the curtain between the first-class and tourist areas, ready to come in when his help was needed.still standing, mrs quonsett began to beg gwen: 'please, ask the captain to change his mind! i don't want to go to prison!''i don't give orders to the captain!' gwen shouted. 'now sit down!'ada quonsett began to cry noisily. 'please take me home! don't leave me in a strange country!''how can you be so cruel to this old lady?' the musician complained to gwen.gwen took no notice of him, but gave the old woman a hard push, so that she fell into her seat. 'you hurt me!' she cried. she turned to d. o. guerrero. 'help me! help me!' he took no notice of her.crying and shouting, she threw her arms around his neck. he struggled with her, fighting to free himself, but she wound her arms around his neck more tightly. 'oh, help me!'red-faced and breathless, d. o. guerrero put up both hands to push her away. as if to beg him for help, she seized them. in a second gwen had reached over and taken the case from him. it had all been surprisingly easy.vernon hurried in. 'well done, gwen. let me take the case.'that should have been the end of the whole affair. but it was not - and all because of a man called marcus rathbone.he was an unpleasant man who always liked to criticize other people's ideas, although he had never had a good idea of his own in his life. he was especially critical of women. when he saw a woman in uniform take a man's case from him, he knew that he had to help that man. he seized the case from gwen, and handed it politely back to guerrero.like a wild animal, with madness in his eyes, guerrero took it and held it tightly to him.vernon ran forwards, but he was too late. gwen, rathbone and the musician were in his way, and he could not reach guerrero before he had pushed past them and was rushing down the plane.'stop that man!' vernon shouted. 'he has a bomb!'everywhere, passengers were jumping to their feet, shouting.guerrero stopped with his back to the toilets. 'stay away from me!' he shouted.'guerrero, listen to me! 'vernon called to him over the heads of the others. 'do you hear me? listen!'there was silence as guerrero looked back at him, his eyes wild.'we know who you are,' vernon went on, 'and we know what you're trying to do. we know all about the insurance and the bomb, and they know about it back at the airport, too. that means that the insurance is no good. do you understand? it's worth nothing. if you die, you'll die for nothing and your family will get nothing. worse than that, they'll be blamed and made to suffer. think of that, guerrero.'a woman cried out. guerrero paused.vernon knew that he had to keep talking, and hope that guerrero would listen to what he had to say.'guerrero, let's all sit down. i'd like to talk to you. nobody on this plane's going to hurt you, i promise.'gwen was closest to guerrero.'try to get into a seat, 'vernon whispered to gwen. 'i may have to move quickly'a man came out of one of the toilets behind guerrero. at the sound of the door opening, guerrero turned.'get the man with the case! he's got a bomb!' somebody shouted.guerrero pushed past the man and ran into the toilet. gwen had run after him, and she stuck her foot in the door as he tried to close it.guerrero had not really understood everything that had happened in the last few minutes, but he understood that, like so many other things in his life, his great plan had failed. his life had been a failure, and now his death would be a failure too.as he pulled the string, he wondered bitterly whether the bomb would be another failure. in the last second of his life he learned that it was not.chapter thirty threeemergency in the airthe explosion on board flight two was immediate. inside the plane there was a sudden noise like thunder, or a blow from a great hammer. a sheet of flame shot along the length of the plane.d. o. guerrero died at once. his body was near the centre of the explosion, and was completely destroyed. one moment he existed; the next moment only a few small bloody pieces of flesh remained.a large hole appeared in the side of the plane.gwen meighen was nearest to guerrero, and received the force of the explosion in her face and chest.the hole in the side of the plane caused an immediate change in the air pressure. a dark, terrible cloud of dust rolled through the plane, carrying newspapers, bottles and bags towards the hole. curtains and doors were torn off and thrown about the plane, hitting several people and adding to the confusion. passengers held onto their seats to avoid being sucked out of the plane. oxygen lines fell down on them from the emergency containers above their heads.suddenly the sucking stopped. the plane filled with mist, and a freezing, deadly cold. the noise from the engines and the wind was unbelievably loud.vernon demerest had held onto a seat, seized an oxygen line and shouted: 'get on oxygen!' to the passengers. he knew that after only ten seconds without enough oxygen, their lives would be in danger.he had to get back to harris and jordan to tell them what had happened. breathing deeply, he moved from one oxygen line to the next. as he went, he noticed a young girl helping the people next to her connect an oxygen line to their baby. he found out later that this was judy, and standish was her uncle.vernon had no time to think of gwen. he did not even know whether she was alive or dead. before he could reach harris, the plane suddenly began dropping fast.***harris and jordan did not know exactly what had happened, but they had felt the shock of the explosion, and the pressure change which followed it. the door to the pilots' area was torn off and a thick cloud of dust rushed in. as in the passenger part of the plane, this had been replaced by a fine mist and a terrible cold.harris acted quickly, using all his skill and experience in his fight to save the plane. fortunately, like all pilots, he had practised dealing with emergencies so often that when a real emergency came, he acted with the greatest speed.it was a rule of aviation that, in an emergency, airline employees must take care of themselves before they began to think about the passengers. harris reached for an oxygen line immediately, and a moment later cy jordan pressed the button that gave the passengers the oxygen they needed.harris reduced the speed of the plane. now he had a decision to make. it was necessary to take the plane down to a safer height where they could breathe without the help of oxygen. the question was, should he bring the plane down slowly, or in a rapid fall?if the plane was badly damaged, a sudden fall could break it in two. but if they went down slowly, there was a chance that the passengers would die of the cold. what could they do? freeze for certain, or take a risk and go down fast?'warn air traffic control,' harris told jordan. 'we're coming down fast.'he pushed the controls forward. 'we are coming down fast,' he heard jordan say. 'request 10,000 feet.'they were falling rapidly. passing through 26,000 feet -24-23. there was no other traffic near them. no time to think about the cold. they would live - if they could get low enough fast enough - if the plane did not break up. at fourteen thousand feet, harris decided, he would pull out of the fall, and level at ten.the controls were stiff and heavy, but everything seemed to be working. they were coming out of the fall. eleven thousand feet - ten five - ten. they were level. the plane had not broken up. he had made the right decision.now they needed information from toronto. where could they land - at detroit, toronto or lincoln international?vernon demerest came in.'we missed you,' harris said.'how're we doing?''if the tail doesn't fall off, we may be all right. what happened?''oh, just a little bomb that made a big hole in our nice plane.'they did not want to talk about the real dangers of the situation.'it was a good idea, vernon,' harris said kindly. 'it could have worked.''yes, but it didn't.'vernon told jordan to go and see how bad the damage was.'count the people who are hurt and do what you can to help them,' he said. 'and find out how badly hurt gwen is.' it was the first time that he had allowed himself to think about her.toronto air traffic control centre reported that detroit and toronto airports were closed, but lincoln was still open. carrying the large amount of fuel that they were, landing anywhere would be difficult. they needed the longest runway that they could get. that was at lincoln - an hour's flying time away. the question was, could the plane stay in the air for another hour?jordan reported on the damage. he thought that the plane would be able to reach lincoln, but he was not so sure about the passengers. there were several doctors working among them.'what about gwen?' vernon asked, afraid as he spoke of what the answer might be. the news was not encouraging. she was more badly hurt than anyone else.'we'll land at lincoln,' captain harris decided.runway three zero was the one that they wanted. it was still blocked by the aereo-mexican plane.'they have 50 minutes to clear it for us, 'vernon said roughly. 'they'll have to clear it. it's our only chance.'chapter thirty fourthe people from meadowoodelliott freemantle could not understand it. a large number of people from the meadowood meeting had followed him to the airport, and were at the moment making a great deal of noise in the main hall of the terminal. television cameras had arrived, but there were no policemen! elliott wanted the police to arrive. then there would be trouble - and a big story for the press.all the time he was talking to the television reporters, he was waiting for the police to arrive.'why are you here?' a reporter asked him.'because this airport is full of thieves and liars.''that's strong talk. will you explain exactly what you mean by it?''certainly. the peace, the rest and the good health of these people are being stolen from them by this airport. nobody cares how much they suffer. only this evening the airport manager told them that the noise will get worse, not better! he didn't care.''what are you going to do about this?''we're going to take the airport to court - to the highest court in the land, if necessary. we shall begin by asking for some runways - if not the whole airport - to be closed at night. i care about these people! i shall fight for them, and i shall win!'the crowd was growing bigger all the time, elliott noticed, and people were growing angrier too. when he had finished speaking, a man shouted: 'let's show the airport how loud a noise can be!' and a great shout rose from the throats of the crowd. if the police came now, the press would certainly write about the meeting.what elliott freemantle did not know was that every policeman in the airport was looking for inez guerrero. even after she had been found, ordway, the police chief, was busy talking to her in mel's office. when he had finished, he and mel left the office together.immediately they saw elliott freemantle surrounded by a crowd of people and cameras.'that lawyer again!' ordway said. 'i'll soon get rid of him!''be careful,' mel said. 'he wants attention from the press. we don't want to help him.'as ordway went to speak to the lawyer, mel saw tomlinson, the young reporter he had met earlier that evening. he asked him what elliott had been saying, and when he found out his face darkened with anger.'freemantle!' he shouted, 'i'm interested in what you've been saying this evening. do these people know that it's all lies?'everyone was silent. they turned to look at mel.'don't listen to him!' elliott shouted.'i think that the press should hear what i have to say,' mel said. 'i'm the airport manager. mr freemantle has told you that i don't care how much these people are suffering. now i'd like to answer that criticism.''he'll tell you more lies!''you be quiet!' ned ordway told elliott. 'you've spoken already. now listen!'mel spoke for the second time that evening about how they tried to reduce noise at the airport, and how the storm had made it necessary to use the runway nearest to meadowood. again he said that planes were becoming bigger and noisier all the time.'i do care about your problem,' he went on, 'but i must remind you of something. you won't like listening to this, but it's true.'twelve years ago, the land where their houses now stood had been empty. building companies had been told not to use it for houses, but some of them had been too interested in money to take any notice of the warnings. they had built houses and sold them to people without telling them that the noise from planes would be getting worse and worse. these builders, and not the airport, were to blame for the present problem.nobody spoke. mel felt very sorry for the people who had bought houses in meadowood. they were just ordinary people, and he wished that he could help them.'now,' he said, 'there are some lawyers who are making a lot of money for themselves out of people with the same problem as you have. they're cheating you.''that isn't true! he's lying!' elliott shouted, but the crowd seemed to want to listen to mel.he told them that they had very little chance of winning their case against the airport. people had won, it was true, but those cases had been very different. he told them about some other cases which had failed.now the anger of the crowd turned against elliott freemantle.'how can we get our money back?' they began to ask. 'we were fools to sign anything too quickly.''write to mr freemantle immediately,' mel told them. 'tell him that you've changed your mind. i don't think that you'll hear from him again.'elliott knew it was the end. he never went on fighting when he knew that he had no chance of winning. ah well, he would soon find some more fools in another town, he was sure.as the meadowood people went sadly and quietly home, a woman came up to mel.'thank you for talking to us and for telling us the truth,' she said, 'but i still don't know what i can tell my children when they can't sleep because of the noise.'mel knew that there was nothing he could say to her. that was the saddest thing about the whole affair.as he was wondering what to say, tanya handed him a piece of paper. from it he learned of the explosion on board the golden argosy. the plane would have to land at lincoln international on runway three zero. and runway three zero was still blocked.chapter thirty fivereturn to lincoln airportdoctor milton compagno was doing his best to save gwen meighen's life.she had been near to the centre of the explosion. two things - the toilet door and guerrero's body - had been between her and the full force of the explosion, and they had saved her life.now she lay on the floor, unconscious and bleeding. some of the passengers were also bleeding from cuts, but they were not seriously hurt in comparison with gwen.it was fortunate that as she fell her arm had fallen around the base of a seat. if this had not happened, she might have been sucked out of the hole in the side of the plane.the next great danger was from lack of oxygen. some people managed to get to the oxygen quickly and then help others, as vernon had seen judy do. mrs quonsett, too, had helped her musician friend to get oxygen. she did not really care whether she lived or died - as long as she knew what was happening until the last moment!gwen received no oxygen. when anson harris put the plane into a fall, he saved her from certain death from lack of oxygen.after the plane levelled out again, everyone began to think they might be over the worst. the three doctors who were travelling on the flight started to do what they could to help those who had been hurt.it was lucky for gwen that there was a man like compagno on board. he seemed to enjoy helping people, and since he had become a doctor he had never stopped working. of the three doctors on the plane he was the only one who had a medical bag with him.he directed the other doctors to look after the passengers, and to move those who had been hurt to the front of the plane, where it was warmer. then he asked one of the air hostesses to help him, and gave gwen some oxygen. he cleared blood and broken teeth from her mouth, and began to control the bleeding from her face and chest. one arm was broken, but what worried him most was the damage to her left eye.when cy jordan came to see how gwen was, compagno asked him to help for a few minutes before he told him: 'she has a good chance, if she's a strong girl.''i think she's strong,' jordan said.'she was a pretty girl, wasn't she?''very.'compagno was silent. she would not be pretty any more.looking a little sicker than before, jordan went forward to the pilots' area.vernon demerest made an announcement to the passengers. 'as you know,' he said, 'we're in trouble - bad trouble. but we're still alive, and we hope to make a safe landing at lincoln international in about 45 minutes. it will be a difficult landing, so you must all help us by doing exactly what we tell you to do. let's try and come through this together - safely''that was good,' harris said. 'you ought to be in politics!''nobody would vote for me. they don't like to hear the truth. it hurts them too much.' he was thinking about the matter of the sale of flight insurance at the airport, and wondering how mel bakersfeld would feel about it after what had happened tonight. he didn't suppose that mel would ever change his closed little mind. well, if he lived through this, vernon would continue to fight him with all his strength!a radio message came through. lincoln's runway three zero was still out of use, but they were trying to clear it. vernon's face showed clearly what he thought of that!he sent jordan back to talk to the passengers and make sure that they knew what to do before the landing. as jordan left, doctor compagno came in.'your miss meighen is the most badly hurt,' he told vernon. 'can you radio for a doctor to be waiting for her at the airport? her left eye will need immediate treatment.'vernon went pale with shock as the doctor described her wounds. he felt sick.'i'd better go back to her now,' compagno said.'don't go!'compagno looked surprised.'gwen - miss meighen - she was - is - going to have a baby. does it make any-difference?''i didn't know that, but, no, it won't make any difference. if she lives, the baby should be all right.'there was a silence until harris said: 'vernon, could you fly for a bit? i'd like to rest before i make the landing.'vernon was glad to have something to do. he was also glad that harris had not asked any questions about gwen.he could not stop thinking about her. she had been so beautiful, and she had told him that she loved him. now she had only 'a good chance' of living. she might never see naples.suddenly he knew that he loved her. there could be no question of giving the baby away or of her having an abortion now. she would have the baby, and he would take full responsibility for it.he remembered his daughter, the child he had never seen. before her birth he had wanted to tell sarah about her, and suggest that they should have her as part of their family, but he had not had the courage. now he often wondered where she was and whether she was happy. he had even tried to find her, but it had not been possible.he would not suffer the same uncertainty again over this child. this time it would all be different. he would not lie to sarah. oh, there would be the most terrible trouble at home! there would be crying and shouting. but sarah was a sensible woman, and he knew that she would not leave him. he would have two women and a baby to look after. what a terrible situation! but he was glad that he had made a decision.he began to think about the baby. perhaps it would be rather lice to be a father! not that he would want to have seven children like that old fool harris! he laughed.'what are you laughing at?' harris asked.'laughing? why should i be laughing? there must be something wrong with your ears, anson. you should see a doctor about it.''there's no need to be unpleasant,' harris said.'isn't there? i think that's exactly what we need in this situation - someone to be unpleasant!''well, if that's what we need, i'm sure you're the best man for the job.'harris took control of the plane again. as he did so, vernon sent a radio message to toronto. anson harris was right - he was good at being unpleasant.'are you listening there, or are you all asleep? tell lincoln we need runway three zero. don't tell me it's still blocked; i've heard that before. if we land anywhere else, we'll have a broken plane full of dead people. so get me three zero, do you understand?'then he added a special message for mel bakersfeld: 'you helped to get us into this situation, you stupid fool, by not listening to me about selling flight insurance at the airport. now help us to get out of it. wake up for once in your useless life, and get that runway clear!'chapter thirty sixthe runway stays blockedthrough the radio in his fast-moving car, mel could hear emergency vehicles being called out onto the airfield. they had to be there to deal with the possibility of fire, and to take the people who had been hurt off the plane.he received some information about patroni. he hoped to be able to move the aereo-mexican plane in 20 minutes.tanya and tomlinson were with mel in the car. the reporter had helped mel earlier, by telling him what elliott freemantle was doing, and now mel wanted to help him to get a good story.'let me check something,' tomlinson said. 'there's only one runway long enough for this plane to land safely on. is that right?''yes,' mel said. 'there should be two.' he had been trying for years to persuade the airport committee that another runway of that length was needed. they would not take any notice of him - for political reasons, as he well knew.'may i put all this in my story?' the reporter asked.mel paused for a moment. 'why not?' he said.'you've been speaking well tonight, if i may say so, 'tomlinson went on. 'just like you used to a few years ago.'just like i used to, mel thought. not like i do now. people know that i've changed, that i've lost something.'you're talking about how you need more runways,' tanya said, 'but i keep thinking about the people on that plane. i can't help wondering how they feel, and if they're frightened.''they're frightened,' mel said. 'if they understand what's happening, they must be frightened.' he remembered his own crash, long ago. as he thought of it, the pain in his foot returned.it was then that the first radio message from vernon demerest came through.'there's another message, mr bakersfeld, for you alone. it's rather personal. do you want to hear it?''does it concern the present situation?''yes.''then read it.'they listened in silence. vernon must have enjoyed sending that, mel thought. he knew that people all over the airport would be able to hear it. in any case, the message was unnecessary. mel had already decided what he had to do.he spoke to danny farrow. 'send the snowploughs and heavy vehicles to the stuck plane. if patroni can't drive the plane out very soon, we'll push it out. i'll give the order myself.''all right,' danny said, his voice tired. 'mel, i suppose you know what those vehicles will do to a plane?''they'll move it,' mel replied sharply, 'and that's the most important thing.''move it!' tomlinson exclaimed. 'they'll break it into little pieces! you'll break up a six million dollar plane!''i know, but we may have to do it to save lives. i hope not.'tanya reached for mel's hand. 'you're doing the right thing,' she said. 'remember that.'mel got out of his car near the stuck plane, and spoke to a very cold and tired joe patroni. he told him what he planned to do.'push an undamaged plane with snowploughs!' patroni exploded. 'you're mad!''we may have to do it, joe.''listen, i'll drive it out in 15 minutes! just give me a little more time.''i will,' mel said, 'but when ground control gives you the order to stop, you must stop.'the three of them sat in the car, waiting. tomlinson was thinking about his story. 'has what is happening made you change your ideas about flight insurance?' he asked mel.'couldn't you ask that question some other time?' tanya said angrily, but mel said: 'i'll answer it now. i may have to change my mind, but i don't know yet. i'm still thinking about it.'the minutes passed slowly. now there was time for tomlinson to ask all the questions about aviation that he had wanted to ask earlier. it helped to pass the time for mel.suddenly tanya cried: 'look! he's starting the engines!' the three of them fixed their eyes on the plane. it was not moving yet. there were six minutes left.the noise of the engines grew. 'he's using all the engines now,'tanya said, 'but it isn't moving. oh, i can't bear it!'no, patroni could not move it. mel was ready to give the order to bring in the snowploughs. they would have to push the plane off the runway.chapter thirty sevenbringing down flight twousually air traffic control was quiet after midnight, but tonight was different. because of the storm, flights were arriving very late, and wayne tevis and keith were still on duty.keith was trying to think of his work and nothing but his work. in some strange way, his mind seemed to be working on two levels. on one level he directed the air traffic with something of his old skill; on the other level his thoughts were all about his personal problems. he felt that he had already left his family and friends for ever. he belonged now to the dead - to the redfern family whose deaths he had caused. soon he would be joining them ...realization of what was happening on board trans america flight two came to keith gradually.wayne tevis had been told all about the emergency. he knew that vernon demerest had asked for runway three zero to be cleared, but there was a possibility that it would not be clear in time. if that happened, the plane would have to land on two five. radio communication had been set up between the control tower and joe patroni on board the aereo-mexican plane.tevis wondered if he should send keith off duty, or at least ask him to move. where he was working now, he would be the one to control the landing of flight two. he decided to leave keith where he was, but to stay close to him in case he needed help.a number of radio messages made the situation clear to keith. he heard captain demerest emphasize the importance of clearing three zero - or there would be 'a broken plane full of dead people'. he heard vernon's message to mel, too. he knew that patroni was trying to move the plane, and that time was running out.as the time when flight two was to land came nearer, keith began to feel frightened. he did not want to do this! he couldn't do it! if he made a mistake, he would have a plane 'full of dead people' on his conscience. it had happened to him before.mel bakersfeld, someone said, was ready to break up the aereo-mexican plane in order to clear runway three zero.the flower-like double signal of a plane in trouble appeared on the edge of the radar screen - unmistakably trans america flight two. keith looked around for tevis. he couldn't do it!he opened his mouth to call tevis, but no words would come. it was like all the bad dreams that he had suffered from since the day when the redferns had died.he heard voices. they were waiting for him to reply, but he could say nothing. where was tevis? suddenly, keith felt a terrible anger - against his father, who had pushed him into this job; against mel, who always seemed to be so successful; against tevis; against everyone in this airport that he hated.somehow, the anger seemed to free his voice. 'trans america two,' he said, 'this is lincoln. sorry we kept you waiting. we're hoping to give you runway three zero. we'll know in three to five minutes if it's clear.'keith had no thought for anything but his work now. he would bring flight two down safely.mel had given the order for the vehicles to move in. patroni had been told to get out of their way.chapter thirty eightjoe patroni tries againjoe patroni knew that time was running out. he had not started the engines of the aereo-mexican 707 until the last possible moment, so that his men could continue the work of clearing the snow around the plane.when he realized that he could not wait any longer, he had a final look at the ground around the plane. he did not like what he saw. they needed to work for another 15 minutes, but they simply did not have that time.he climbed into the plane, and shouted to ingram: 'get everybody out of the way! i'm starting the engines.' men ran out from under the plane.snow was still falling, but it was lighter now.patroni called again: 'send someone to help me up here - someone thin! i don't want to make this plane any heavier.'through the window he could see mel's car, and behind it a line of snowploughs and heavy vehicles. when mel had told him that he might have to push the plane off the runway with these vehicles, patroni had been shocked. he found it hard to believe that anyone could destroy a fine machine on purpose. it was not that he did not care about the people on board the golden argosy, it was just that he loved planes, and could not bear to think that this one would be destroyed.a young mechanic ran over to the plane. 'what's your name, son?' patroni asked.'rolling, sir.'patroni laughed. 'we're trying to get this plane rolling! perhaps you'll bring us luck!''ready to start,' ingram called.patroni started the engines, number three first, and then four, two and one. the noise grew louder and louder.'hold on, son!' patroni told rolling.he increased the power. to their left he could see mel bakersfeld's car, and he knew that they had only a few minutes left.the plane shook, but it did not move. the young mechanic looked worried.'come on!' patroni exclaimed. 'let's go!''mr patroni!' rolling warned, 'we can't do it!'then the radio message came; 'joe patroni on board aereo-mexican. this is ground control. we have a message from mr bakersfeld: there is no more time. stop all engines. repeat - stop all engines.'patroni said nothing.'mr patroni!' rolling shouted. 'do you hear? we have to stop!''can't hear you,' patroni shouted. 'too noisy in here.' there's always more time left than those people in ground control will admit, he thought. if only he had a cigar! he needed one badly, but his pocket was empty. mel bakersfeld had promised him a box if he could move this plane, he remembered.he pushed the controls to their limit. the radio seemed to be going mad. all around them lights were flashing.suddenly the plane moved forwards. at first it moved slowly. then it gained speed, and shot down the runway. patroni brought it neatly to rest 200 feet from the runway. three zero was clear and open - and there would be another story to tell about joe patroni.chapter thirty ninelandingtrans america flight two, the golden argosy, was 10 miles from lincoln, in cloud, at 1,500 feet.anson harris was back at the controls as they were guided in my lincoln air traffic control. vernon thought that he knew the controller's voice, but he could not think who it was.just before they landed, doctor compagno came to tell them: 'i thought you would like to know, miss meighen is doing quite well. if we can get her to hospital quickly, i think she'll live.'vernon found it impossible to speak, and it was anson harris who said: 'thank you, doctor. we'll be landing in a few minutes.'the passengers had been prepared for the landing. two of the doctors were on either side of gwen, ready to support her as they landed.mrs quonsett was feeling rather frightened at last, and was holding her neighbour's hand tightly. she was tired. so much had happened to her in the last 24 hours. the captain had thanked her for her help, and had promised her a free first-class trip to new york and back. what a kind and wonderful man he was, she thought. the only thing was - would she be alive to take the free trip?judy was still helping her neighbours with their baby. the child was sleeping peacefully, with no idea of the danger it was in.they were flying at 170 miles an hour. the weight of the plane meant that they would lose speed slowly after touching down on the runway, so that an extremely long runway was necessary for their safety.keith bakersfeld's voice announced: 'runway three zero is open.''thank heavens!' vernon said. 'at the very last moment!''we're going in low,' harris said.vernon was looking out into the clouds and darkness, trying to see the airport lights. he was thinking of the great danger that they were all in. the landing would be heavy and fast, and there was a chance that the tail of the plane might break off. if it does, he thought, we're all dead. that man who made the bomb - what a pity he died! i'd like to tear him to pieces with my own hands!they were coming down at 90 feet a minute. harris was doing everything perfectly, but vernon still wished that he could be at the controls. 'you must live, gwen!' he said softly to himself. he knew that somehow they would find a way through their difficulties.the plane came out of the clouds, and they could see the runway lights ahead of them.'clear to land,' keith's voice said. 'good luck, and out.'they sped over the edge of the airfield. to the two pilots, the runway had never looked shorter.they were above the runway now, and still moving at great speed. they were down, heavily. the end of the runway seemed to be rushing towards them. beyond it lay snow and darkness.then they were slowing down. the darkness came nearer and nearer. the plane stopped, just 3 feet from the end of the runway.chapter fortykeith says goodbyein the radar room, keith bakersfeld looked at the clock and knew that he should remain on duty for another half-hour. he did not care.he stood up and looked around. 'tevis,' he said, 'i'm going. thank you for trying to help me. goodbye.'he walked out of the room for ever, knowing that he should have done this years ago. he felt extremely happy. he had brought flight two down safely, and that would be his last job in air traffic control.he went to the small rest room where he kept his food and his coat. he took the photograph of natalie out of his pocket, as he had done earlier that night. when he looked at her smiling face, he wanted to cry. he put the photograph back in his pocket. he would never come back to this room again.it was at that moment he came to a new decision. he was not going back to the,hotel, but home to natalie. he knew that he would never work again in aviation, and that he would have to live with his memories. he would never be able to forget little valerie and her death - but he would live. the redferns were dead. nothing could change that. but his own family was alive, and he was going to them now.as he walked to his car, he threw the nembutal into the snow.chapter forty onethe end of the stormmel bakersfeld watched from his car as flight two landed and stopped safely at the end of the runway. the airport's emergency vehicles raced towards it.tanya and tomlinson were going back to the terminal with joe patroni. tanya would be needed at gate 47 when the passengers were brought off the plane. before she left, she asked mel: 'are you still coming to my apartment?''if it isn't too late,' he said, 'i'd like to.'she pushed her red hair off her face with one hand and smiled at him. 'it isn't too late.'they agreed to meet in the terminal in 45 minutes.tomlinson wanted to speak to joe patroni and the airline employees from flight two. mel supposed that they would be the heroes of his story - not mel and his dry information about airport management. but the young reporter would write a good and fair story, mel was sure of that.he watched as the undamaged aereo-mexican plane was moved away, to be washed and checked before it flew again.there was no reason for mel to stay on the airfield now, but somehow he wanted to.only a few hours ago he had felt that something terrible was about to happen. it had happened, although it had not been as bad as it might have been. but unless the airport changed, and changed quickly, something much worse would certainly happen.lincoln international was out of date. it was well managed, had fine buildings and was used by thousands of people, and yet it was hopelessly out of date.much had been said about the future growth of aviation, and not enough had been done. mel knew that he must say what he thought about this. he had only one voice, but it would be heard.he would begin by calling a meeting of the airport committee. he would tell them how important a new runway was, and that what had happened tonight had shown him how badly it was needed. if they did not agree with him, he would fight them as hard as he could, and he would make sure that the newspapers and the public knew all about what was happening.people who thought that mel bakersfeld was finished were about to discover their mistake!tomorrow he would move into a hotel. it would be an unhappy time, and he hoped that neither roberta nor libby would see him go. later, he supposed, he would get an apartment of his own. he knew that he would never live with cindy again.and tanya? he was not sure yet what would happen. he knew that tonight he had needed the comfort of her friendship, but he did not know whether their relationship would be short or would last for many years.other planes were now beginning to use runway three zero, arriving in a steady stream in spite of the late hour. as one landed, mel could see the landing lights of another flight coming nearer, and a third beyond that. the fact that he could see the lights of the third plane made him realize that the clouds had gone. he noticed suddenly that the snow had stopped falling. 'at last,' he thought. 'the storm is moving on.'