keith bakersfeld was on duty in the air traffic control radar room.the storm was having a serious effect on radar control, although the wind and snow themselves could not be seen here. unlike the other air traffic control rooms, the radar room had no windows. the controllers worked under low lights.everything in the room seemed calm, but it was a false calm. beneath it the men always lived on their nerves, and tonight the pressure on them had been increased by the storm. in the last few minutes something else had happened to increase it even more. the effect of this was like tightening a thread which is already close to breaking.a double signal had appeared on the radar screen like a beautiful green flower. it represented a plane in trouble. this was the emergency that mel had been told about.the plane was a us air force kc-135. it was flying high above the airport in the storm, and was asking for an immediate emergency landing. keith had seen the emergency signal appear before him on the screen. a manager had come to help him, and now both men were sending urgent messages to other controllers and by radio to other planes.the screen they were working at was a circle of dark green glass about the same size as a bicycle tyre. it was covered with bright points of light, each of which showed the position of a plane. tonight the screen was unusually full of these dots.keith was clearly very nervous. his face was thin and the green light from the screen showed the deep hollows under his eyes. during the last year or so he had changed completely in appearance and manner from a friendly, smiling person to a silent, unhappy man. he was six years younger than mel, but he looked much older.the men who worked with keith had all noticed the change in him, and they knew the reason for it. they did care about his problems, but they had to put their own jobs first, and they had little time to help him. that was why wayne tevis, the manager, stayed near keith and watched him all the time. tevis knew that he might have to send keith off duty early in order to rest.he said to keith now: 'look, keith, that braniff flight is getting too close to eastern. turn braniff right and then you can keep eastern on the same course.' keith should have seen that himself, but he hadn't.the problem which most of the controllers were working on was to clear a path for the air force kc-135 to land. it was difficult to do this because five other planes were already circling above the airport, waiting to land. to the sides of the airport, too other planes circled. it needed strong nerves to guide the kc- 135 between all these other planes safely. to make the situation even worse, radio communication with the kc-135 had been lost.keith spoke. 'braniff eight twenty-nine, make an immediate right turn.' at a moment like this a controller's voice should be calm. keith could not control his voice, and he sounded as nervous as he was.in another minute or two the braniff flight would have to be turned again, and so would several other flights. this would continue until the kc-135 had been brought safely down through them. the passengers on the other planes, although they might be tired or frightened, would have to wait.for a moment keith wondered how the pilot of the kc-135 felt in his difficulty and danger. lonely, probably. keith himself was lonely. even when he was surrounded by other people, he felt that he was alone.he gave new paths to several flights. behind him he could hear wayne tevis trying to reach the kc-135 by radio, with no success. the green signal on the screen showed that the pilot was doing the right thing. he must know that his position could be seen on the radar screen, and that the controllers would clear a path for him.all around him keith could hear low voices. everyone was working to the limits of their strength and abilities. a controller had to hold so much in his mind. even the best controller knew that one day he might make a mistake, with terrible results.keith had been one of the best controllers. until a year ago others had asked him for help and advice. now he had to accept help from them. he must not make any mistakes tonight.nobody knew, not even his wife, natalie, but this was the last time keith would ever sit in this radar room. it was also the last day of his life.'all right, keith,'tevis said. 'go and take a break.'keith knew that the time for his break was not for another half an hour. tevis did not trust him. should he argue with him? no, tevis was right not to trust him.he waited for a few minutes while the man who would take his place studied the screen. the effort needed was enormous. as a result of this many controllers suffered from bad health. others became very short-tempered, and many found that their marriages ended in divorce.as keith left the room, tevis told him: 'your brother said he might come and see you later.'keith was glad to be alone now. he wanted a cup of coffee and a cigarette. he went to the small rest room used by the controllers. now that he had a few minutes to think clearly, he hoped that the kg-135 would be brought down safely.he lit a cigarette and took out some food which natalie had prepared for him. sometimes she put a little note in with the food. she tried hard to make him laugh and to help him through his troubles. but recently her eyes had been red from crying and she had written fewer notes. perhaps she knew that it was hopeless.he wanted to help her, but how could he when he could not help himself? he had a photograph of her in his pocket, showing her on holiday in canada, happy and smiling. she loved him, he knew. he tried to love her, but he had no love left now, only hopelessness.mel, too, loved keith as much as any brother could, but he could not help him either. nobody could help keith now.he opened the bag of food. no note today. it was better this way, really. natalie knew nothing about what he planned to do.when he came off duty at the airport he would go to a hotel where he had taken a room. the room key was in his pocket. he took it out to check.