information work is thinking work. when thinking and working together are significantly assisted by computer technology, you have a digital nervous system. it consists of the advanced digital processes that knowledge workers use to make better decisions - to think, act, react, and adapt. michael dertouzos of mit writes that the future "information marketplace" will require a large amount of special software and complex combinations of human and machine processes - an excellent description of a digital nervous system at work.do you view information technology as a way to solve specific problems? then you're probably only getting a fraction of the benefits that modern computers and software can provide. instead, you should be creating systems that will deliver information immediately to anyone who can use it - "digital nervous systems."as the boss of microsoft, the world's most successful software company, i played a large part in the birth of the information age. in this book i explain the idea of a digital nervous system - the use of information technology to satisfy people's needs at work and at home, just as the human nervous system supports the human mind.like a living creature, an organization works best if it can rely on a nervous system that sends information immediately to the parts that need it. a digital nervous system can unite all of an organization's systems and processes, releasing rivers of information and allowing businesses to make huge leaps in efficiency, growth, and profits. i have a simple but strong belief: how you gather, manage, and use information will decide whether you win or lose.the best way to put distance between your company and the crowd is to do an excellent job with information. there are more competitors today. there is more information available about them and about the market, which is now worldwide. the winners will be the ones who develop a world-class digital nervous system so that information can easily flow through their companies for maximum and constant learning.i know what you're going to say: no, it's efficient processes! it's quality! it's winning market share and creating brands that are recognized! it's getting close to customers! success, of course, depends on all of these things. nobody can help you if your processes aren't efficient, if you don't care about quality, if you don't work hard to build your brand, if your customer service is poor. a bad business plan will fail however good your information is. and bad practice will spoil a good plan. if you do enough things badly, you'll go out of business.but whatever else you have on your side today - smart employees, excellent products, loyal customers, cash in the bank - you need a fast flow of good information to make processes efficient, raise quality, and improve the way you put your plan into practice. most companies have good people working for them. most companies want to treat their customers well. good, useful data exists somewhere within most organizations. information flow is the lifeblood of your company because it enables you to get the most out of your people and to learn from your customers. see if you have the information to answer these questions:- what do customers think about your products? what problems do they want you to fix? what new features do they want you to add?- what problems do your partners have as they sell your products or work with you?- where are your competitors winning business from you, and why?- will customers' changing demands force you to develop new capacities?- what new markets are appearing that you should enter?a digital nervous system won't guarantee you the right answers to these questions. but it will free you from the old paper processes so that you'll have the time to think about the questions. it will give you the data to start thinking immediately, and to see the trends coming at you. a digital nervous system will make it possible for facts and ideas to quickly surface from deep in your organization, from the people who have information about these questions and, it's likely, many of the answers. most important, it will allow you to do all these things fast.an old business joke says that if the railroads had understood that they were in the transport business instead of the steel-rail business, we'd all be flying on union pacific airlines. many businesses have changed their goals in even more basic ways. but it's not always clear where the next growth opportunity is.mcdonald's has the strongest brand name and market share and a good reputation for quality. but a market analysis recently suggested the company change its business model. mcdonald's has occasionally promoted movie-linked toys. the analysis suggested that the company should use its well-known small-profit product to sell the high-profit toys, and not the other way round. such a change is unlikely, but not unthinkable in today's fast-changing business world.no company can assume that its position in the market is safe. a company should constantly be thinking about its options. one company might be hugely successful if it broke into another business. another company might find that it should stay with what it knows and does best. the most important thing is that a company's managers have the information to understand where they can compete and what their next great market could be.this book will help you to use information technology to ask and answer the hard questions about what your business should be and where it should go. information technology gives you the data that leads to deeper understanding of your business. it enables you to act quickly. it provides solutions to business problems that simply weren't available before. information technology and business are becoming so tightly linked that you can't talk about one without talking about the other.the first step in answering any hard business question is to look at the facts. it's easier to say this than to do it. the principle is illustrated in my favorite business book, my years with general motors, by alfred p. sloan jr. if you only read one business book, read sloan's (but don't put this one down to do it). extraordinary success can follow from positive leadership that's based on information and reason.during sloan's time as boss, from 1923 to 1956, general motors became one of the first really complex business organizations in the united states. sloan understood that a company could not develop a broad business plan or choose the right projects without building on facts and on the understanding of the people in the company. he developed his own understanding of the business by working closely with his staff and by regular personal visits to the company's technical departments. his greatest influence as a manager, however, came from creating working relationships with gm dealers across the country. he constantly gathered information from gm's dealers, and he worked to develop close relationships with them that produced results.sloan thought that fact-finding trips were very important. so he built an office in a private railroad car and traveled all over the country, visiting dealers. he often saw between five and ten dealers a day. these visits helped sloan to see that the car business was changing. it was moving from simple selling to trading, as people wanted to trade their old cars when they bought new ones. sloan saw that gm's relationship with its dealers had to change as well. the manufacturer and the dealers had to become partners. sloan formed a dealer council to meet regularly with gm's senior executives. he also created a department to handle complaints from the dealers. he paid for economic studies to find the best places for new dealers, and even found a way to lend money to "capable men" who did not have the cash to become dealers.accurate information about sales was still hard to find. when a dealer's profits went down, gm didn't know why. without the facts, it was impossible to know what to do. sloan said he would pay a lot of money so that every dealer "could know the facts about his business and could intelligently deal with the many details... in an intelligent manner." this would be "the best investment general motors ever made."sloan created a standardized system of accounts for the entire gm organization and all its dealers. every dealer and every employee, at every level of the company, put their numbers into exactly the same categories. by the mid-1930s gm's dealers, its factories, and its offices could all do detailed financial analysis using the same numbers. a dealer, for example, could clearly see how well he was doing and also compare his results to the average across the company.an infrastructure that provided accurate information led to a company that responded quickly to events. other car makers could not compete with gm for decades. this infrastructure - what i call a company's nervous system - helped gm to dominate the car business throughout sloan's career. it wasn't yet digital, but it was extremely valuable.of course, you couldn't get nearly as much information flowing through your company then as you can now. it would have required too many phone calls and too many people moving paper around and looking at the data to find patterns. it would have been very expensive. if you want to run a world-class company today, you have to obtain much more data and do it much faster. to manage with the force of facts - one of sloan's business principles - requires information technology.if information management and quick responses made such a basic difference in a traditional industry seventy years ago, how much more difference will they make when they are powered by information technology? a modern car maker may have a strong brand name and a reputation for quality today but it is facing even greater competition from around the world.all car makers use the same steel and the same machines; they have similar manufacturing processes and they have roughly the same transport costs. today the tests of success are how well they design their products, how intelligently they use information from their customers to improve their products and services, how quickly they can improve their production processes, how cleverly they market their products, and how efficiently they deliver their products and services to customers. all of these processes are rich in information and they benefit from digital technology.the value of a digital approach is especially clear in businesses such as banks and insurance companies where information is central to the business. in banking, data about customers is the heart of the business, and banks have always been big users of information technology. crestar bank of richmond, virginia, offers all its banking services over the internet. it has bank employees in supermarkets and malls who can offer banking services to customers using digital information flow.in the age of the internet and increasing competition in financial markets, the key to success is the intelligence of a bank's use of data and how well it responds to its customers. it's brains that give one bank or another the advantage. but i don't just mean the individual abilities of bank employees. i mean the overall ability of the bank to make use of the best thinking of all its employees.after the introduction of eniac, the first general-purpose computer, during the second world war, computers quickly proved that they were faster and more accurate than humans at many tasks. computers were not working at a high level, though. they assisted people but not in an intelligent way. it takes brains to understand the physics of a rocket; it takes a computer to do the sums in seconds.businesses need to do another kind of work, "information work." this phrase comes from michael dertouzos, director of mit's laboratory for computer science, and author of what will be. we usually think of information-a letter, a picture, or a financial report-as something that doesn't change. but dertouzos argues that another form of information is active. information work is the processing of information by human brains or computer programs.information work-designing a building, making a deal, filling in tax forms-is most of the work done in developed countries. dertouzos estimates that information work contributes 50 to 60 percent of the total value of the goods and services produced by an industrialized country.dertouzos's idea is important. when computers went from simple number-work to modeling business problems, they began to play a part in information work. even manufacturing firms have always put more energy into information about the work than into the work itself: information about product design and development; about marketing, sales, and supplies; about payments and finance; about cooperating with sellers; about customer service.to do information work, people in the company have to be able to find information easily. until recently though, we've been told that "the numbers" should be reserved for the most senior executives. sometimes there are good reasons for secrecy, but usually information has been reserved simply because it took time, money, and effort to move information around, so you had to be senior to order the work. on today's computer networks you can find and present data easily and cheaply. you can dive into the data to the lowest level of detail and look at it from different angles. you can exchange information and ideas with other people. you can bring together the ideas and work of many people for a better result.we need to stop thinking that getting information and moving information around is difficult and expensive. it's just basic common sense to make all of your company's data easily available to every person who can use it.all of a company's employees, not just its high-level executives, need to see business data. it's important for me as a chief executive officer, (ceo), to understand how the company is doing across regions or product lines or different types of customer, and i take pride in staying informed. however, it's the middle managers in every company who need to understand where their profits and losses come from, what marketing programs are working or not, and what expenses are under control or too high. they're the people who need accurate, useful data because they're the ones who need to act. they shouldn't have to wait for upper management to bring information to them. companies should spend less time protecting financial data from employees and more time teaching them to analyze and act on it.in many companies the middle managers can drown in day-to-day problems and not have the information they need to fix them. a sign of a good digital nervous system is that middle managers are made more effective by the flow of accurate, useful information. the systems should tell them about unusual events-for example, if an expense item is too high. then the managers don't need to look at normal expense activity. some companies work like this, but i'm constantly surprised by how few companies use information technology to keep their middle managers well-informed and avoid routine review.i'm amazed by the twisted path that important information often takes through many fortune 500 companies. at mcdonald's, until recently, sales data had to be "touched" by hand several times before it made its way to the people who needed it. today mcdonald's is installing a new information system that processes sales at all of its restaurants in real time. as soon as you order two happy meals, a mcdonald's marketing manager will know. so that manager will have hard facts to analyze sales, not unreliable data.as we'll see in the description of microsoft's reaction to the internet, another sign of a good digital nervous system is the number of good ideas coming from your middle managers and knowledge workers. when they can analyze real data, people get detailed ideas about how to do things better-and they get excited, too. people like knowing that something they're doing is working and they like being able to show managers that it's working. they enjoy using technology that encourages them to test different theories about what's happening in their markets. people really appreciate information.a final sign of a good digital nervous system is how effective your face-to-face meetings are. good meetings are the result of good preparation. meetings shouldn't be used mainly to present information. it's more efficient to use e-mail so that people can analyze data before the meeting. then they will be prepared to make suggestions and debate the issues at the meeting itself.companies that are struggling with too many unproductive meetings don't lack energy and brains. the data they need exists somewhere in the company in some form. digital tools would enable them to get the data immediately, from many sources, and to analyze it from many angles.gm's alfred sloan said that without facts it's impossible to put an effective plan into action. i believe that if you have good facts, you can put an effective plan into action. sloan did, many times over. at the speed business moves today, we need more than ever to manage with the force of facts.what i'm describing here is a new level of information analysis that enables knowledge workers to turn raw data into active information-what michael dertouzos calls knowledge-as-a-verb. a digital nervous system enables a company to do information work with more efficiency, depth, and creativity.can your digital nervous system do this?like a human being, a company needs an internal communication system, a "nervous system," to organize its actions. all businesses concentrate on a few basic things: customers, products and services, earnings, costs, competitors, delivery, and employees. a company has to carry out the business processes in each area and make sure that they are working together, especially activities that cross departments.the sales department needs to find out quickly whether the company can supply a product before promising to deliver a big order. the manufacturing department needs to know what product is selling strongly so that it can change production priorities. business managers throughout the company need to know about both-and a lot more, too.an organization's nervous system has parallels with our human nervous system. every business has some processes that must continue for the company to survive, just as the human heart must keep beating. the need to be efficient and reliable has driven companies to automate many of these basic operations. but because managers have taken whatever solution was available, the result over time has been a large number of systems that don't always work together. each independent system may work smoothly on its own, but the data in each is isolated and difficult to combine with the data in the others. getting data about operational processes and using it has been one of the more difficult problems of business. but today's technology can make basic operations the basis of a much broader, company-wide intelligence.a company needs to respond quickly and well to any crisis or unplanned event. you might get a call from your best customer saying he's buying from your biggest competitor, or that competitor might introduce a great new product, or you might have a faulty product or an operation that breaks down. unplanned events can be positive, too. you might get an unexpected opportunity for a major new activity or purchase.finally, there's the conscious directing of your company's muscles, whether you're creating teams to develop new products, opening new offices, or sending people out to win new customers. to be carried out well, these planned events need careful thinking and strategic analysis before and after you act.you need to think about your company's basic business issues, and develop a long-term business plan to solve problems and take advantage of the opportunities your analysis reveals. then you need to communicate what you want to do, and the plans behind it, to every person in the company and to partners and other relevant people outside the company.more than anything, though, a company has to communicate with its customers and act on what it learns from them. this primary need involves all of a company's capacities: operational efficiency, data gathering, cooperation, strategic planning, and action. the need to communicate with your customers will be emphasized again and again in this book. i'll show how a digital nervous system helps successful companies to do this.a digital nervous system serves two primary purposes in developing business understanding. it extends the individual's capacity for analysis the way machines extend physical capacities, and it combines the abilities of individuals to create a company intelligence and act as one. to put it all together: a digital nervous system seeks to create company excellence out of individual excellence to serve the customer.a digital nervous system gives the people working for your company the same kind of data for daily business use that you give to someone you bring in to consult them about a problem. with their years of experience in the industry and their knowledge of business analysis, consultants often come in with new ideas after they have gone through the data. but isn't it crazy that someone outside the company receives more information than you use for yourself? too often important customer and sales information is pulled together only when a consultant arrives. you should have that information there every day ready to be used by your employees. your managers should have information of the same quality that the consultant has. as we'll see in the following example, good things happen when they have that information.at microsoft, our sales team calls only on large corporations.so every year jeff raikes, the man in charge of sales and support, struggles with the problem of how to market to small and medium-sized customers. we usually reach these customers through seminars and marketing with partners. but where are most of these customers? are they all in the largest cities? which cities should we choose for marketing?from the internet, we found the average number of employees per company per city. from outside consultants we got information on the number of personal computers (pcs) per city. from our marketing managers we got information on our seminars and our work with partners. finally, we included the number of partners per city.using computers, we looked for a match between sales numbers and marketing activity. a microsoft software program, ms sales, gave us data in two important areas: last year's sales data, which helped us calculate growth, and income from sales by postal area. we found eighty cities that we thought were likely candidates for a new marketing campaign. but at microsoft, before we invest money we want to know if the idea will work. we checked the eighty cities again using a marketing program, looking for an eight to one return on investment (roi). setting the roi as high as eight to one would help us take out any cities where the percentage return might be high, but the absolute dollar return would be low. this gave us forty-five cities, later reduced to thirty-eight.in each of those thirty-eight cities in which we hadn't done any marketing before, we held two "big day" events. on each big day we showed microsoft products and made sales offers, with our partners. the roi was an amazing twenty to one - $30 million return on $1.5 million investment. as the big day events happened, we used the ms sales program to measure our return against figures in similar markets to see if the big days were really making a difference. the results: cities in which we did big day events showed a 57 percent increase in income against a 16 percent increase in income in a control group of nineteen small cities that did not have big days.today the program which identified the target cities has been improved, so that anybody in the company can see future sales opportunities not just by area, but by product, too. so instead of a seminar with all microsoft products, we can find out if one city needs a seminar on microsoft office, another on windows, and a third on exchange.all that was because of the ms sales program. a paper system could not do that work. the sales data now comes to us in a way that lets us put it into ms sales immediately. this is inexpensive, and because we share this data with our partners, discussions with them about future marketing plans achieve better results. these discussions are still old fashioned face-to-face meetings, but everybody at those meetings is better prepared because of the data they have seen in advance.at microsoft our information systems have also changed the role of our managers. when ms sales first came online, one of our managers in minneapolis checked sales in her area at a level of detail not possible before. she discovered that the excellent total sales figures for her district hid poor sales to large customers. finding that out came as a shock to the large customer sales team, but it was also the first step toward putting things right. by the end of the year minneapolis was the fastest growing area for sales to large customers.if you're a manager at microsoft today, you must be more than a good sales team leader. now you can be a business thinker because you have the data to help you run your business. you can look at sales figures and see where your business is strong and where it is weak, and which products you can sell, in which areas, to which size firms. you can try out new programs and look at the results. you can talk to other managers about what they're doing to get good results. managers at microsoft have a much more important role now than they did five years ago because of the easy-to-use computer programs that we've developed.a digital nervous system gives its users an understanding and an ability to learn things that they would not otherwise have. a good flow of information and good tools for analysis let us see new opportunities for profit among large amounts of data. it makes the best use of the capacities of human brains and reduces human labor.to begin creating a digital nervous system, you should first develop an ideal picture of the information you need to run your business and to understand your markets and your competitors. think hard about the facts you need to know. develop a list of the most important questions for your business. then demand that your information systems provide the answers. if your current system won't do this, you need to develop one that will. if you don't, one or more of your competitors will.you know you have built an excellent digital nervous system when information flows through your organization as quickly and naturally as thought in a human being, and when you can use technology to organize teams of people as quickly as you can direct an individual. it's business at the speed of thought.digital technology can completely change your production processes and your business processes. it can also free workers from slow paper processes. replacing paper processes with digital processes frees knowledge workers to do more useful work. the all-digital work place is usually called "the paperless office," a phrase that goes back to at least 1973. it's a great vision. no more piles of paper in which you can't find what you need. no more searching through heaps of reports to find marketing information or a sales number. but the paperless office never seems to actually arrive.the xerox corporation did more to promote the concept than any other company. in 1974-5 it was talking about the "office of the future" that would have computers and e-mail with information online. between 1975 and 1987 several business newspapers promised that the paperless office wasn't far off but in 1988 i told a journalist, "this vision of a paperless office is still very, very far away."today we have all the pieces in place to achieve the paperless office. better computers and software make it easy to combine data of various types. highly capable, networked pcs are everywhere in the office environment. the internet is connecting pcs around the world. but paper use has continued to double every four years, and 95 percent of all information in the united states remains on paper, compared with just 1 percent stored electronically. paper is increasing faster than digital technology can reduce it!in 1996 i decided to look at ways that microsoft was still using paper. to my surprise, we had printed 350,000 paper copies of sales reports that year. i asked for a copy of every paper form we used. the thick file that landed on my desk contained hundreds and hundreds of forms. paper use was only a sign of a bigger problem, though: administrative processes that were too complicated and took too much time.i looked at the file and wondered, " why do we have all these forms? every person here has a pc. we're connected up. why aren't we using electronic forms and e-mail?" as chief executive officer i gave the order to ban all unnecessary forms. in place of all that paper, systems grew up that were more accurate and easier to work with and that freed our people to do more interesting work.now, even before we employ a new worker, he or she starts on an electronic journey. we receive career information from 600 to 900 people applying for jobs every day, through the post, by e-mail at resume@microsoft.com. or at the microsoft website at www.microsoft.com/jobs. seventy percent of the career information now arrives by e-mail or to the website, up from 6 percent two years ago and rising. all career information from people applying for jobs is matched with open jobs within forty-eight hours, sometimes within twenty-four hours.a software program sets up job interviews. every interviewer gets career details of the person applying for the job by e-mail. after the interview each interviewer sends comments on the candidate by e-mail. this sharing of information makes sure that interviewers build on each other's work, not repeat it. if it is obvious that microsoft wants the candidate, an e-mail signal tells the interviewer to explain to that person why microsoft would be a good choice for them.let's say that someone called sharon holloway accepts our job offer. the imaginary sharon is one of the eighty-five new people we employ each week. we'll say that sharon is at redmond, washington. before sharon arrives at microsoft, an administration assistant in her new department fills out the new hire form on microsoft's intranet to request office furniture, and a computer with software, e-mail, and voice mail to be ready for sharon. the same form makes sure that sharon's name is added to the company phone list and that she gets a nameplate for her office door and a mailbox in the building's mailroom.when she arrives, sharon goes online to read the employee handbook (it doesn't exist on paper now) and she downloads any software she needs. next, sharon uses a program called ms market to order office supplies, books, a whiteboard, and business cards. ms market automatically puts in her name, her e-mail address, and the name of her manager on the order. the suppliers receive her request by e-mail and deliver the supplies to her office. an order above a certain amount of money would automatically go to a manager before it went to the supplier.sharon's paycheck goes into her account by e-mail and if she wants to she can change her bank online. for travel, sharon uses a program designed by microsoft in partnership with american express, called axi. it's available online twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week.some people think that "microsofties" have no life outside the company, but actually they do. sharon gets married and goes on vacation with her new husband. she enters her vacation time online. when she and her husband move into a new house, sharon enters her new address online once and it is automatically sent to every department that needs her address. she visits our intranet to get information about bus routes and ride sharing in her new neighborhood.when sharon and her husband have a baby, she goes online to learn about seminars for parents, paid time off work for parents, and day care for children. microsoft pays a certain amount in benefits to every person the company employs and they can take these benefits in many ways. they can look at different ways of combining benefits online. she can also buy and sell shares online, using the company that buys and sells shares for everybody employed at microsoft, saloman smith barney. sharon can buy and sell shares in microsoft and use her vote as a shareholder online.using our computer network to replace paper forms has produced impressive results for us. as i write this book, we have reduced the number of paper forms from more than 1,000 to a company-wide total of sixty forms. overall, the savings from using electronic forms have amounted to at least $40 million in our first twelve months of use in 1997-8. the biggest savings came from the reduction in processing costs. accounting firms put the cost of each paper order - mostly the time of all the people handling the paper - at about $145. electronic processing at microsoft costs less than $5 per order.as we invented new solutions, our central information-technology budget, which covers these and other major business areas, decreased 3 percent between 1996 and 1999, mostly from standardizing data and reducing the number of information systems we have.electronic tools give us benefits beyond reducing costs. for example, our microsoft market software asks for authority before it will process a request. this prevents the inappropriate purchases that can easily get through a paper-based system. delivery information is typed instead of handwritten, so almost nothing is ever sent to the wrong destination. communication with our suppliers is documented, and we know the costs in advance so there are no surprises. our suppliers get paid faster, which means they want to deliver quickly. we're always discovering new benefits.the move from paper to electronic forms is an essential step in developing a modern organization's nervous system, but you should use the change to improve processes that are central to your business. a digital nervous system is easy to build on. a good network, a good e-mail system, and easy-to-build webpages are everything you need for getting rid of internal paper forms, too. our internal tools have two goals: to use software to handle routine tasks, so that our knowledge workers don't waste time and energy; and to free people to do more difficult work and handle unusual situations. our internal developers use the "sort-boiled egg" rule: a user must be able to get into and out of most administrative tools within three minutes. this makes sure that we don't create clumsy tools and cause more work overall.improving administrative and internal business processes is an important way to improve the overall efficiency of your employees. when you give knowledge workers good internal tools, you also send them an important message: when employees see a company improve efficiency and get rid of time-draining routine administrative tasks, they know that the company values their time and wants them to use it profitably.it's easy to measure when you make your factory workers more efficient. it's hard to measure when you make your knowledge workers more effective, but it makes sense that workers who aren't burdened by routine tasks will do better work. the benefit to customers is that your employees spend less time on paperwork and more time on customer needs.