marius lay for a long time between life and death in a state of fever, endlessly repeating the name of cosette.'he mustn't get excited,' the doctor warned.every day, according to one of the servants, a white-haired, well-dressed gentleman came to ask for news of the sick man.finally, after three months, the doctor announced that marius was out of danger. but he had to spend the next two months resting because of the damage to his shoulder. m. gillenormand grew happier as his grandson's condition improved. he did strange, unexpected things, like running up and down stairs without knowing why. he gave his neighbour, a pretty woman, a bunch of flowers, which greatly annoyed her husband.marius, meanwhile, tried to make sense of what had happened to him. he thought about enjolras and eponine, and wondered why cosette's father had been at the barricade. he could not understand why nobody could tell him how he had been saved. all he knew was that he had been brought to his grandfather's house in a carriage. he noticed his grandfather's tenderness towards him, but he could not forget the old man's unfairness and cruelty to his father, who had died penniless and unloved. most of all, however, he thought about cosette, and how he could find her again.'there's something i have to say to you,' marius told his grandfather one day.'what is it?''i want to get married.''but of course,' the old man laughed.'what do you mean - of course?''that's understood. you will have your little girl.''i don't understand,' marius said, almost speechless with amazement.'you will have her,' the old man repeated. 'she comes here every day in the shape of an old man who asks for news of you. while you've been ill, she's spent her time crying and making bandages for you. i know all about her. she lives at number 7, rue de l'homme-arme. you see, i'm not as unkind as you think. i've found out that she's a charming girl and that she loves you. i knew you were angry with me, and i thought, "what can i do to make him love me?" then i thought, "i can give him cosette." i wanted to invite her to see you, but the doctor warned me that you would probably get too excited. so i advise you, dear boy, to eat more meat and get better soon. then you can marry your cosette and be happy.'having said this, the old man burst into tears. he held marius's head to his chest and they cried together.'grandfather,' marius said at last, 'i'm feeling much better already. when can i see her?''you can see her tomorrow.''why not today?''all right, i'll fetch her today. you've called me "grandfather"; you've shown me that you love me after all. you've earned your reward!'***later that day, cosette arrived at m. gillenormand's house. standing beside her on the doorstep was a white-haired man with a strangely nervous smile.m. gillenormand showed them up to the room where marius was waiting. cosette stood in the doorway, overcome with happiness. she wanted to throw herself into marius's arms, but was unable to move, afraid to show the world that she loved him.'monsieur.' m. gillenormand addressed jean valjean. 'i have the honour, on behalf of my grandson, marius pontmercy, to ask for your daughter's hand in marriage.'jean valjean bowed.'good, then that is agreed,' m. gillenormand said and, turning to marius and cosette, he added, 'my children, you are free to love one another.'when they were alone together, cosette and marius kissed.'is it really you?' cosette murmured at last. 'i can't believe it. i'm so happy to see you. i was so excited today that i haven't even dressed up for you. i must look terrible. but why don't you say something? why are you letting me do all the talking? do you still love me? oh, i'm so wild with happiness'my love...' marius whispered.***the wedding was arranged for february the following year. jean valjean arranged everything. having been a mayor, he knew how to solve an awkward problem: the question of cosette's real family he told everybody that he was not her father, but her guardian. he also invented a dead family for cosette, so that everybody believed she was an orphan. valjean, as her guardian, gave cosette a large amount of money - half a million francs - but did not tell her that the money was his. he told her that the money came from a man who preferred to remain unknown. it was arranged that the couple, who could not believe their sudden, new-found happiness, would live with m. gillenormand after the wedding.cosette, accompanied by jean valjean, visited marius every day. marius did not speak much to valjean. despite enjoying an occasional conversation with him, he found something strange about the old man. he could not believe that this was the same man he had seen at the barricade all those months ago - it seemed like a bad dream to him.but there were more important things for marius to think about. apart from preparing for his wedding, there were two people that he wanted to find. first, there was thenardier.he was, without doubt, a bad man, but marius had promised his father to find him and help him. he employed agents to find thenardier, but without success. the only thing they discovered was that mme thenardier had died, and that her husband had escaped from prison and disappeared with his surviving daughter, azelma.second, there was the mysterious stranger who had saved his life. marius's attempts to find him also ended in failure, and the true story of his escape from the barricade remained a complete mystery to him.one evening, when marius was talking to cosette and jean valjean about the mystery and his unsuccessful attempts to solve it, he became angry with cosette's guardian's lack of interest in his story.'the man was a hero,' marius said. 'do you realize, monsieur, how brave this man was? he rescued me from the field of battle and carried me through the sewers of paris. he risked his life to save a dying man, and why? he was a total stranger. he did it without any thought of a reward. oh, i wish cosette's money were mine.''it is yours,' valjean reminded him.'i would give it all,' said marius,'to find that man!'jean valjean was silent.***cosette and marius made a handsome couple on their wedding day. all previous unhappiness was forgotten as they kissed in the church, watched proudly by m. gillenormand and jean valjean. there were flowers everywhere when they returned to m. gillenormand's house for the wedding feast. it was the happiest night of cosette's life, spoilt only by one thing: the fact that her guardian - whom she still thought of as her father - went home before the feast had started, saying that he felt ill. but cosette was not unhappy for long. she had marius, and she would be happy with him for the rest of her life!jean valjean, meanwhile, went home, lit his candle and went upstairs to bed. that night, however, he was unable to sleep. he remembered the little girl he had rescued from the thenardiers ten years earlier, and felt sad that he was no longer the most important man in her life. another man was the centre of her universe. he was proud of having helped to bring her happiness with marius, but another thing troubled his soul: the fact that nobody, not even cosette, knew the truth about him. that he was jean valjean, a criminal who had spent nineteen years in prison and who had stolen silver candlesticks from a trusting and kind-hearted bishop. he knew that if he told cosette and marius the truth, he would spoil everybody's happiness and he would lose their love and respect. on the other hand, if he continued to lie about his past, he would lose his own soul. what could he do?***the next day valjean visited m. gillenormand's house, and asked to speak to marius in private. marius hugged valjean warmly, addressed him as 'father' and invited him to lunch, but valjean shook his head and said, 'monsieur, i have something to tell you.'marius listened quietly as valjean told him everything about his life. finally, in a state of shock and confusion, the young man said, 'why have you told me all this? no one forced you to.''if i had continued to keep my secret to myself, i would have destroyed my own heart,' valjean replied. 'besides, i belong to no family. cosette was the only family i ever had. everything ended for me when she married you yesterday. she is happy with the man she loves. i tried to persuade myself that it would be better not to admit the truth about my past, but it was no use. i could not silence the voice that speaks to me when i am alone.'neither of them spoke for several minutes. then marius murmured, 'poor cosette. when she hears'but you must promise not to tell her!' valjean interrupted. 'she'll be heart-broken if she hears the truth about me. i don't think i could bear it... 'he sank into an armchair and buried his face in his hands. 'don't worry,' marius said at last. 'i'll keep your secret. but i think it would be better if you stopped seeing her.''i understand,' valjean said, rising to leave. but at the door he half-turned and said, 'monsieur, if you will permit me, i would like to come and see her. i wouldn't come often or stay very long. we could meet in that little room on the ground floor. please monsieur, if i can't see cosette again, i'll have nothing left to live for. besides, if i suddenly stopped visiting, people would become suspicious and begin to talk'you can come every evening,' said marius. 'monsieur, you are very kind,' said jean valjean, shaking marius's hand and leaving the room.