christmas 1823 was especially lively and colourful in the village of montfermeil. entertainers and traders from paris set up their stalls in the streets, and business at the thenardiers' inn was very good. while guests and visitors ate and drank noisily, cosette - now eight years old - sat in her usual place under the kitchen table. dressed in rags, she knitted woollen stockings for eponine and azelma.one evening, madame thenardier ordered cosette out into the cold to fetch water. the nearest water supply was half-way down the wooded hill on which montfermeil stood, and cosette hated fetching water, especially in the dark. miserably, she picked up a large, empty bucket that was almost as big as she was, and was walking with it to the door when madame thenardier stopped her.'buy some bread on the way,' she said, giving the girl some money.cosette took the coin, put it carefully in her pocket and left. she was cold and hungry as she dragged the bucket behind her along the crowded street, but she could not resist stopping in front of one of the stalls. it was like a palace to her, with its bright lights, shining glass and pretty objects. but the object that most attracted cosette's attention was a large, golden-haired doll in a beautiful long pink dress. all the children in montfermeil had gazed with wonder at this doll, but nobody in the village had enough money to buy it.cosette gazed at the doll for several minutes but, remembering her job, she sighed and continued on her way. she had soon left the colourful lights and the happy laughter of the village behind her, and was running down the hill into the frightening darkness of the wood. finding the stream, she bent forward and began to till her bucket. she did not notice the coin that mme thenardier had given her for the bread fall out of her pocket into the water. when the bucket was full, she gripped the handle with her tiny, frozen hands and tried to pull it back up the hill. but the bucket was so heavy that, after a dozen steps, she had to stop for a rest. she managed a few more steps, and stopped again. her progress became slower and slower. she was almost at the end of her strength, and she was still not out of the wood. leaning against a tree, she cried aloud:'oh god help me! please, dear god!'suddenly, an enormous hand reached down from the sky and took the bucket of water from her. looking up, cosette saw a huge, white-haired man standing next to her. he looked very strange with his tall black hat and long yellow coat.'this is a very heavy bucket for such a small child,' he said gently, looking down at her from his great height.for some reason, cosette was not afraid. there was something about his eyes, tilled with a strange sadness, that she liked and trusted. she let him carry the bucket up the hill and, as they walked back towards the village, she told him everything about her life with the thenardiers. the old man listened with great interest, and asked her many questions.as they were approaching the inn, cosette turned to him and said, 'may i have the bucket now? if mme thenardier sees that someone has been helping me, she'll beat me.'the old man gave her the bucket, and they entered the inn together.'what took you so long?' mme thenardier said angrily when she saw the little girl.'this gentleman wants a room for the night,' cosette said, trembling with fear, expecting to be beaten.mme thenardier glanced at the old man without interest. she could tell from his clothes that he probably had no money.'i'm sorry, the rooms are full,' she said.'i can pay the price of a room,' the old man said.'forty sous,' mme thenardier replied (although the usual price was twenty).'forty sous,' the man agreed.he sat down and cosette, after serving him some wine, returned to her place under the table. but before she could start her knitting, she heard mme thenardier's angry voice demanding, 'where's the bread i told you to get?'cosette, who had forgotten about the bread, came out from under the table.'the baker's was shut,' she lied.'well, give me back the money.'cosette felt in her pocket and suddenly went pale. the coin was not there.'i'm waiting,' mme thenardier said threateningly.cosette said nothing, speechless with fear as the woman raised her arm to hit her. but before she could deliver the blow the old man, who had seen everything, interrupted her.'madame, i've just noticed this on the floor. it must have fallen from the child's pocket.'mme thenardier took the coin the old man held towards her and walked away.at that moment the door opened and eponine and azelma appeared. they were two healthy girls, the old man noticed, dressed in warm clothes and with pink, healthy cheeks. after hugging and kissing their mother, they sat on the floor by the fire and played with a doll. cosette, who had returned to her place under the table, looked up from her knitting and watched them sadly. a short time later, the girls grew bored with their game. they left the doll on the floor and went off to play with a baby cat. cosette, checking that no one was watching, reached out and picked up the doll. she turned her back on the room and began to play with it, hoping that no one could see what she was doing. her happiness did not last long, however. the two girls, when they saw cosette with their doll, ran crying to their mother. mme thenardier rushed across the room towards cosette who, afraid that she would be punished, put the doll gently on the floor and began to cry.'what's the matter?' the old man said, rising to his feet.'can't you see?' mme thenardier said, red with anger. 'that nasty little girl, who isn't even my own daughter, who i feed and look after out of the kindness of my heart, has been playing with my daughters' doll.''i don't understand,' the old man said.'she's touched it with her dirty hands!' then, hearing cosette crying, she turned to the little girl and shouted, 'stop that noise!'the old man left the inn and, minutes later, returned with something in his hands: the beautiful doll from the stall across the road.'here,' he said softly, placing it gently on the floor in front of cosette. 'it's for you.'there was a sudden silence in the room. mme thenardier, eponine and azelma stood absolutely still. the drinkers at the other tables paused, glasses half-way to their lips, and stared with disbelief.'what kind of man is this?' they thought. 'he dresses so poorly but can afford to buy the most expensive doll in montfermeil!'the thenardiers gave the old man their best room for the night. the next morning they gave him the bill, charging him three times the usual price for a meal and a bed for the night. they waited nervously while the man studied the bill carefully, expecting him to complain or cause trouble. finally, he looked up from the bill without expression and said, 'tell me, is business good here in montfermeil?''times are very hard,' mme thenardier replied immediately. 'this is a poor country. i don't know how we would manage without the occasional rich and generous traveller like yourself. we have so many expenses. that child, for instance - you've no idea how much she costs. we have our own daughters to look after. i can't afford to look after other people's children, too.''what would you say,' the old man said after a moment's thought, 'if i offered to take the child from you?''oh!' madame thenardiers face brightened. 'that would be wonderful.''just a minute,' her husband said. 'we love that child very much. it's true we're poor, and we have bad debts, but love is more important than money.''how much do you need?' the old man asked, taking an old leather wallet from the pocket of his coat.'1500 francs,' thenardier, who had already done his arithmetic, replied.the old man put three 500-franc notes on the table and said, without smiling, 'now fetch cosette.'when cosette came downstairs, the old man gave her new clothes to wear: a black woollen dress, black stockings, scarf and shoes. half an hour later, the people of montfermeil saw an old man in a tall hat and long yellow coat walking along the road to paris, hand-in-hand with a little girl dressed completely in black. no one knew the man. and, because she was carrying an expensive doll and was no longer wearing rags, not many recognized cosette.cosette was leaving at last. she did not know where to, or with whom. but, as she held the old man's hand, she gazed wide-eyed at the sky. she had the strange but comforting feeling that she was somehow travelling closer to god.chapter fourvaljean and cosettesomewhere on the outskirts of paris, jean valjean stopped outside a large, ancient building with damp walls. he took a key from the pocket of his long yellow coat and opened the old wooden door. he then carried cosette, who was sleeping in his arms, along a dark corridor and up some stairs to the room he had rented since his escape from montreuil. there was not much furniture in the room - just an old bed, a mattress on the floor, a table, some chairs and a lighted stove. a streetlamp shone through the only window, lighting the dark interior of the room.valjean laid cosette on the bed without waking her. he lit a candle and sat by the bed, watching her while she slept. he felt sad that fantine had not lived to see her child again, but happy that he had been able to rescue her child from the terrible thenardiers. he bent and kissed the sleeping child's forehead just as, nine months earlier, he had kissed her mother's.the next morning, cosette opened her eyes and immediately started to get out of bed.'i'm coming, madame,' she yawned, blinded by the bright winter's sunlight that was shining into the room.then, as her eyes adjusted to the light, she saw the kind old face of jean valjean looking down at her, and she relaxed.'of course!' she cried with joy. 'it's all true. i was afraid that it was just a dream.'she hugged her doll and asked valjean hundreds of questions. finally, she asked him, 'do you want me to sweep the floor?''no,' he said. 'i just want you to enjoy yourself.'the december days passed in great happiness for cosette and for jean valjean, too. for twenty-five years he had been alone in the world. nothing had ever touched his heart until he had rescued cosette. now, he discovered the greatest joy he had ever known by just standing beside her bed and looking at her innocent, trusting little face. he had discovered love.***after escaping from montreuil, jean valjean had taken all his money from the bank and buried it in a forest near montfermeil. although he was rich, he had chosen a room in a poor part of paris, where nobody would find him. his only neighbour was an old woman, who did his housework and kept his stove burning. paying her six months in advance, he told her that he was a ruined spanish gentleman, and that the little girl was his granddaughter.weeks passed, and the two lived happily. valjean gave cosette lessons in reading and writing, and spent hours watching her as she dressed and undressed her doll. to avoid being seen, he never went out during the day. he walked for a couple of hours every evening, sometimes alone, sometimes with cosette. he often gave money to beggars, which was unwise, because he soon became known in the area as 'the beggar who gives money to beggars'.one evening, towards the end of winter, valjean gave some money to a beggar sitting under a streetlamp outside a church. the beggar raised his face and stared hard at valjean for just a second, then quickly bowed his head. this gave valjean a shock. although he had only seen the beggar's face for a second, it had seemed strangely familiar.'i'm going mad,' he thought, as he walked home.the next evening he returned to the steetlamp outside the church. the beggar was still there, in the same position, wearing the same clothes. this time, valjean spoke to him as he gave him some money. the beggar laughed and joked with him, and valjean returned that evening a happier man.'i must have been dreaming yesterday,' he laughed to himself. 'but for a second, there was something about the beggars eyes that reminded me of javert. how could i have thought such a thing? after speaking to him this evening, i can see that he doesn't look like the inspector at all.'a few evenings later, while he was giving cosette a reading lesson in his room, valjean heard the front door of the house open and close. this was unusual. the old woman, the only other person who lived in the building, always went to bed before nightfall. valjean signalled to cosette to keep quiet. someone was coming up the stairs. he blew out the candle and, just as he was kissing cosette on the forehead, the footsteps stopped. valjean did not move. he sat in his chair with his back to the door and held his breath. a few minutes later, having heard only silence, he turned round. a light was shining through a crack in his door. someone with a candle was standing outside his room.several minutes passed, and then the light disappeared. valjean quietly lay down on the mattress on his floor, but he could not close his eyes all night. at daybreak, as he was falling asleep at last, he heard footsteps in the corridor outside his room again. running to the door, he put his eye to the large keyhole and saw the back view of a man who was walking towards the stairs. a tall man in a long coat with a stick under his arm.valjean's heart almost stopped beating and he began to sweat.'javert,' he breathed to himself.***valjean spent all day making preparations to leave. it was too dangerous for him and cosette to stay there another night. that evening, he went downstairs and looked up and down the street. it seemed empty, although he could not see into the shadows behind the trees. he went back upstairs for cosette, who was waiting for him patiently, holding her doll.'come along,' he said. 'it's time to leave.'cosette took his hand, and went with him down the stairs.there was a full moon, and this pleased valjean as he moved quickly along the narrow streets. by keeping close to the walls in the shadows, he could clearly see what was happening in the light. after a while, he felt confident that he and cosette were not being followed. but, as the church bells of the city struck eleven o'clock, something made him look back. in the light of a lamp above a doorway, he saw four men moving along the street in his direction. he gripped cosette's hand and began to walk more quickly. every few minutes, he stopped in the shadows of a doorway or at the corner of a street to look back. the four men were still following him. he could see their faces clearly in the moonlight, and one of them belonged to inspector javert.by now, cosette was exhausted. valjean picked her up and ran with her through a confusing system of alleys until he came to a bridge. on the other side of the river, he stopped at the entrance of a high-walled alley and looked back. he could see four figures in the distance on the far side of the bridge.walking more slowly now, thinking he was safe from his pursuers, valjean followed the alley until he came to a lane that seemed to lead away from the city. he walked along this lane for a long time until, to his horror, he discovered his way blocked by a high wall. there was no way forward, but as he was turning back, he saw movements in the distance and the flash of moonlight on metal. seven or eight soldiers were moving slowly along the lane in his direction.valjean looked desperately for an escape from the alley, but could see none. on one side of him was a tall building, all its doors and windows covered with metal bars. on the other side there was a wall, higher than a tree. he would be able to climb the wall on his own, but how could he carry cosette? suddenly, he had an idea. he ran to a nearby streetlight and pulled some wire from a metal box at its base. he tied one end of the wire around cosette's waist, climbed the wall and, with great difficulty, pulled the girl up behind him. he was only just in time. there was a tree on the other side of the wall, and valjean carried cosette down into its branches just as the soldiers arrived.'he must be here!' he heard javert's voice clearly on the other side of the wall. 'he can't have escaped. there's no way out!'at last, the soldiers gave up their search and went back in the direction they had come. valjean hugged cosette tightly with relief, knowing that at last they were both safe.