marius had indeed been taken prisoner, but not by the soldiers. it was jean valjean's hand that had caught him as he fell. valjean had taken no part in the battle. he had been looking after wounded men while bullets flew all around him. when marius had been hit, valjean ran to him at once, grabbed him before he fell and carried his unconscious body into a small alley behind the wine shop. valjean lowered marius to the ground, stood with his back to the wall and looked around him.the situation was terrible. there seemed to be no escape. on one side of him was the field of battle. on the other side was the low barricade, behind which hundreds of soldiers waited for rebels trying to escape. both ways meant certain death. it was a situation that only a bird could have escaped from. valjean looked desperately around him, at the house opposite, the barricade, the ground. and then he had a sudden idea!at the foot of the smaller barricade, half-hidden by broken stones and pieces of wood, there was a hole in the road covered with an iron grille. valjean leapt forward and, using all his strength, he moved the stones and wood, opened the grille, lifted marius on to his shoulders and climbed down into the darkness.a few minutes later, he found himself in a long underground passage, a place of absolute peace and silence. he was inside the paris sewers. he could just see, by the grey light from the grille above his head, that he was surrounded by walls. ahead of him lay total darkness, but he had to go on. the soldiers might discover the grille by the barricade at any moment, and come down in search of him.with marius lying across his shoulders, valjean walked forward into the darkness, feeling his way along the wet, slippery walls with his hands. he moved from one passage into another, slipping several times on the wet floor. he could not see where he was going, but he knew he had to follow the downward slope of the passages towards the river.he walked blindly downwards in this way for a long time, his clothes wet with the blood from marius's wound, the faint whisper of the young man's breath in his ear. he walked in total darkness, the silence broken occasionally by the thunder of gun carriages and horses racing along the streets of paris far above his head.suddenly, he saw his own shadow on the floor of the passage in front of him. looking back, he saw the distant light of a torch. he was being followed! he pressed himself against the wall, held his breath and waited. in the distance, a group of men formed a circle around the torchlight. they seemed to be listening for something, waiting for someone to move. finally, the group of men moved off along another passage, and valjean was left in total darkness once again.he continued his journey through the sewers. sometimes the roof of the passages was so low that he had to bend down as he walked. his feet slipped all the time in the water on the ground, and he felt sick and faint with the terrible, airless smell. at last, exhausted, he stopped beneath a large grille that brought him much-needed light and fresh air. he laid marius down gently at the edge of the sewer, and looked down at his face. it was covered with blood and as pale as death. valjean tore pieces oft his own shirt and bandaged marius's wounded shoulder as well as he could. then, bending over the unconscious body, valjean stared at marius with hatred in his eyes.he found two objects in marius's clothing: a piece of bread and a wallet. valjean ate the bread and, opening the wallet, found a note which marius had written:my name is marius pontmercy. my body must be taken to the house of my grandfather, m. gillenormand, 6 rue des filles-du- calvaire, in the marais.valjean repeated the address until he could remember it, returned the wallet to marius's pocket, picked marius up again and continued his journey downwards towards the river. he did not know what part of the city he was passing under or how far he had come. the only thing he was sure of was that the light through the grilles far above his head was growing weaker, which meant that the sun was setting. at one point he had to walk waist-deep through water, and almost sank as the ground turned to sand beneath his feet. finally, when even his great strength was beginning to fade, he saw ahead of him a light - the clear light of day. he was suddenly filled with new energy at the sight, at last, of his way of escape from the sewers. forgetting the weight of marius on his shoulders and his own hunger and tiredness, he ran towards the light. he had to bend as the roof of the tunnel became lower, but when he reached the light, valjean stopped and gave a cry of despair. the opening was closed with a strong iron gate, held firm by a huge, rusty lock. through the bars, valjean could see daylight, the river, a narrow riverbank - but how could he get out?valjean laid marius down by the wall, where the floor was dry. then, moving to the gate, he shook it fiercely with both hands, trying to bend the bars with the last of his strength. but the gate was solid and the bars were firm.valjean turned his back to the gate and sank to the ground, his head bowed between his knees. there was no way out and, as all hope of escape left him, he began to think of cosette.***while in this state of despair, valjean felt a hand on his shoulder. he thought he was dreaming. he looked up and saw a man dressed in old clothes standing beside him. despite the unexpectedness of this meeting, valjean recognized the man at once. it was thenardier. valjean did not show that he recognized the man, and saw with relief that thenardier had not recognized him.'i'll make a bargain with you,' the man said.'what do you mean?'thenardier nodded in marius's direction.'you've killed a man. give me half of what you found in this man's pockets, and i'll unlock the gate for you.' he produced a large key from his pocket, and a piece of rope. 'i'll give you this as well,' he said. 'then you can tie stones to the body and throw it in the river.'valjean took the rope without speaking.'what about my share of the money?'thenardier asked.valjean took thirty francs from his pockets and showed it to thenardier, who stared with disbelief. 'you killed a man for just thirty francs? you're a fool.' he searched marius's pockets himself, and then valjean's.'it's true,' he said at last. 'that's all there is. oh well. never say that i'm not a kind man.'he took the thirty francs and, helping valjean to lift marius on to his shoulders, he put the key in the lock and opened the gate just wide enough for valjean to pass through. when valjean was outside, thenardier closed the gate behind him and disappeared, like a rat, into the darkness of the sewers.***valjean laid marius gently on the grass and stood up, surrounded by silence, enjoying the feeling of fresh air on his face. then, just as he was bending to splash water from the river on marius's face, he was aware of someone else standing behind him. he looked round quickly and saw a tall man in a long coat, a large stick in his hand. although the man's face was hidden in shadow, valjean recognized him as inspector javert.javert, however, did not recognize valjean at first. he had been more interested in catching thenardier, who had escaped from prison and was known to be in the area.'who are you?' he asked.valjean told him his name and stood, without moving, as javert approached and stared into his eyes.'inspector javert,' valjean said quietly. 'i beg you to do me one favour. i promise not to try and escape. i gave you my address this morning, if you remember, so you would know where to find me anyway.'javert did not seem to hear. he stared into valjean's eyes for a long time, then, stepping back with a look of confusion in his eyes, asked dreamily, 'what are you doing here? who is this man?''will you help me to take him home?' valjean said. 'he's badly injured.'javert looked unhappy, but he did not refuse. bending down, he took a handkerchief from his pocket, wet it in the river and bathed marius's blood-stained forehead. then he felt marius's wrist.'he's dead,' he said.'no, not yet,' valjean replied, feeling in marius's jacket for the wallet. 'look,' he said, showing javert the note with marius's grandfather's address. 'that's where we need to take him.'javert shouted to the driver who was waiting for him to bring his carriage close to the river. with marius in the back seat, valjean and javert side by side in the front, the carriage drove off quickly through the dark and strangely empty streets of paris.when they arrived at m. gillenormand's house, a servant answered the door.'does m. gillenormand live here?' javert asked.'yes. what do you want?''we're bringing back his grandson. he's dead. go and wake his grandfather. we're bringing him in.'javert, valjean and the driver carried marius into the house and laid him gently on a sofa in m. gillenormand's sitting-room. while one servant ran to find a doctor and another looked for clean sheets, valjean felt javert's hand on his arm. he understood, and went downstairs with javert close behind him. when they had got back into the carriage, however, valjean said, 'inspector, will you do one last thing for me before you arrest me?''what is it? 'javert replied impatiently.'let me go home for a minute. after that, you can do whatever you want with me.'javert was silent for some moments, his chin sunk in the collar of his overcoat. then he pulled down the window in front of him.'number 7, rue de l'homme-arme,' he told the driver.neither man spoke during the journey. at the end of the rue de l'homme-arme, which was too narrow for the carriage to enter, javert paid the driver and accompanied valjean to his front door on foot.'go in,' said javert, with a strange, distant look in his eyes. 'i'll wait for you here.'valjean went into his house and called, 'it's me!' climbing the stairs, he paused for a moment to look out of the window to see what javert was doing. but the street was empty; there was no one there.the next morning, inspector javert's body was discovered floating in the river. the poor man, unable to understand the kindness and gentle nature of the man he had spent his whole life hating, had taken his own life by jumping from a bridge. it was the only way he knew to escape the confusion that was poisoning his heart.***when m. gillenormand saw his pale, lifeless-looking grandson lying on the sofa, he shook from head to foot. leaning against the door for support, he murmured, 'marius!''he has just been brought here,' said a servant. 'he was on the barricade and'he's dead!' cried the old man in a terrible voice. 'the fool! he did this to hurt me, the ungrateful boy. i try to be good to him, and this is how he rewards me!'the old man walked to the window and, while he complained to the night about the pain and grief his grandson had caused him, the doctor arrived. after listening to marius's heart, he organized his removal to a bed in another room, and returned to m. gillenormand, who was still standing by the window.'will he live?' m. gillenormand asked, his eyes wild with fear.'i don't know,' the doctor replied. 'the wound to his body is not serious, but there are deep cuts on his head. it's difficult to say m. gillenormand went to marius's bedside.'you heartless boy,' he said angrily. 'a fool who prefers fighting to dancing and having fun. what kind of man are you? are you mad? but it makes no difference. i too shall die. that makes you a murderer, a cold-hearted killer. i cannot feel grief for you. at that moment, marius's eyes slowly opened and his gaze rested upon m. gillenormand.'marius!' the old man cried. 'marius, my child, grandson! you're alive after all!'