george barton had always been crazy about rosemary, but when he asked her to marry him, he thought she would just laugh at him. after all, he knew she didn't love him. to his amazement, however, she accepted his offer.'i know i will feel settled and happy and safe with you. i'm sick of being in love. it always goes wrong. i like you, george. you're funny and sweet and you think i'm wonderful. that's what i want.'amazed and delighted by her unexpected decision, george had answered unsteadily, 'we'll be as happy as kings.'and they had been happy. george had always known that rosemary wouldn't be content with a dull man like him, that she would have affairs. but he knew that she would always come back to him. her affection for him existed quite separately from her love affairs. he had not minded her flirtations with various young men, but when she began a serious affair, he discovered that it was a different matter. he had known immediately, sensing her excitement. and on the day when he had gone into her sitting room and she had quickly covered up the letter she was writing, he had guessed she was writing to her lover. when she left the room, taking the letter with her, he crossed to the desk and picked up the blotting paper she had used to dry the ink on the page. he had held it up to the mirror on the wall and read the words, 'my own beloved darling...'a wave of anger had swept over him. who was it? that fellow browne? or stephen farraday? they had both been flirting with her. he had caught sight of his reflection in the mirror. his eyes were red. he looked as if he was about to collapse.well, he would never suffer like that again. rosemary had been dead for nearly a year now, and so they were both at peace. and it was time to concentrate on his plan. he would speak to colonel race first, and see what he thought of the anonymous letters. and then... he had it all worked out. the date: november 2nd, which was all souls' day. that was a clever detail. the place: the luxembourg. the same table, and the same guests; anthony browne, stephen and sandra farraday, ruth, iris and himself. he would also invite race, who had been invited to the original dinner, but had been unable to attend. and there would also be one extra, empty place.