'i am hurrying past with a sauce, when the young lady knocks her bag from the table as she goes to dance, so i pick it up and put it back, and then i hurry on. that is all, monsieur.'kemp dismissed him, and was sitting at his desk, disappointed, when sergeant pollock arrived to report that a miss chloe west was asking for the officer in charge of the luxembourg case. 'very well, bring her in,' said kemp.chloe west was twenty-five, tall, brown-haired and very pretty. she looked familiar to kemp, although he was sure that he had never met her before.'what can i do for you, miss west?' he asked.'i read in the paper about the man who died at the luxembourg.''george barton? did you know him?''not exactly.''can i have your full name and address, please?''chloe elizabeth west. 15 merryvale court, maida vale. i'm an actress.''yes?'well, when i read that the police were inquiring into mr barton's death, i thought i should come and tell you something. it may not be anything to do with it, but...''i'll be the judge of that,' said kemp pleasantly. 'go on.''well, mr barton saw my photograph in spotlight, which is the actors' professional directory. he contacted me and said he had a job for me. he was having a dinner party at the luxembourg and he wanted to surprise his guests. i met him and he showed me a photograph and told me that he wanted me to dress up as the person in the picture. i looked very similar, he said.'of course! that was why she was familiar! chloe west looked like the photograph of rosemary that kemp had seen on the desk in george's study.'he gave me the dress he wanted me to wear - it's a greyish green silk. he asked me to change my hair to the colour in the photograph, and copy the make-up. then i was supposed to come into the luxembourg restaurant during the cabaret show and sit down in the empty seat at mr barton's table.''why didn't you keep the appointment, miss west? ''because at about eight o'clock that night, someone telephoned me to say that the party had been cancelled. then, the next morning, i read about the death in the papers.''and very sensibly you came along to us,' said kemp. 'thank you very much, miss west. you've explained the mystery of the empty chair. by the way, was the person who telephoned you a man?''i'm not sure. i think so. but it sounded as though he had a cold.'when chloe west had gone, kemp said to sergeant pollock, 'so that was george barton's plan. and that's why he sat looking at that empty chair after the cabaret. his clever plan had gone wrong.''you don't think it was him who cancelled the job?''no. in fact, it may not have been a man at all. a cold can change your voice. we're making progress at last!'chapter twenty onestephen farraday arrived at scotland yard later that same day, feeling very nervous. why had chieflnspector kemp asked him for this extra interview? what did he suspect?kemp greeted him pleasantly enough, and invited him to sit down. stephen noticed a police officer sitting at a table in the corner of the room with a pencil and a notebook.'i wish to take a statement from you, mr farraday. that statement will be written down and you will be asked to read it and sign it before you leave. however, it is my duty to tell you that you may refuse to make such a statement and that you are also allowed to have a lawyer present if you wish.''that sounds very serious, chief inspector. but why do you need another statement from me? you heard all i had to say this morning.''there are certain facts, mr farraday, which i thought you would prefer to discuss here. anything that is not relevant to a case we try to keep confidential. i'm sure you understand what i am referring to.''i'm afraid not.'kemp sighed. 'you had a 'close relationship' with the late mrs rosemary barton...''who says so?' stephen interrupted.kemp picked up a letter from his desk. 'this letter was found amongst the late mrs barton's belongings. it was handed to us by miss iris marle, who confirms it is her sister's handwriting.'stephen read the letter and a wave of sickness passed over him. he could hear rosemary's voice, begging him... would the past never die? he looked up at kemp. 'there is no proof that this letter was written to me.''do you pay the rent for 21 malland mansions, earl's court?' so, they had found the flat he had rented, where he and rosemary used to meet. they knew everything! stephen shrugged his shoulders. 'may i ask why my private affairs should be of interest to you? ''they are not, unless they are connected to the death of george barton.''so you are suggesting that i had an affair with his wife, and then murdered him? ''mr farraday, let's be honest. you and mrs barton were very close friends. you ended the relationship, not the lady. she intended to make trouble. and then, very conveniently, she died.''she committed suicide.''george barton didn't think so. he started to ask questions - and then he died. there is a pattern to it.''why are you accusing me?''mrs barton's death was lucky for you, wasn't it? a scandal would have ruined your political career. did your wife know about the affair, mr farraday?''certainly not. and i hope she will never learn about it now.''is your wife a jealous woman?''no. she is much too sensible.''do you keep a supply of cyanide at your country house, mr farraday? ''i believe the gardener may have some.''but you have never purchased any yourself? ''i have never purchased cyanide.'kemp asked farraday a few more questions, then let him go. 'he was very quick to deny that his wife knew about his affair,' he said thoughtfully to his colleague. 'you would think he would realize that if his wife didn't know about the affair, that gave him an extra motive for silencing rosemary barton. the clever story would be to say that his wife knew about the affair and had accepted it.'at that moment, the telephone rang. it was colonel race, calling from a public telephone box. their conversation was short, but satisfactory.'i'll send a telegram to america at once,' kemp concluded. 'we should hear back almost immediately. it will be a great relief if you are right.''i think i am,' said colonel race.chapter twenty twoanthony browne frowned at the card the hotel porter was holding out to him. then he shrugged his shoulders. 'all right, show him up.'he was standing at his window when the tall, military- looking man came in. a man he knew a great deal about. 'colonel race?' he said pleasantly. 'you were a friend of george barton's, i know.' he offered him a chair. 'a cigarette?''thank you.'anthony lit a match for him. 'you were the guest who didn't arrive that night - lucky for you.''you're wrong. that empty chair wasn't for me.'anthony was surprised. 'really? barton said...''he may have said so, but his plan was quite different. that chair was meant to be occupied, while the lights were off, by an actress called chloe west, a young actress who looks like rosemary barton.'anthony whistled. 'i see.''she had been given a photograph of rosemary and asked to copy her appearance. she even had the dress which rosemary wore the night she died.' race continued.'then the lights go on, and as people gasp in fear and horror, they see rosemary back from the dead. and the guilty person cries out, "i did it!"' browne did not believe it. 'what a terrible idea. a real killer isn't going to behave like a silly schoolgirl. if somebody poisoned rosemary barton, and was about to do the same to george, they had a lot of confidence, and it would take more than an actress in fancy dress to make them confess.''ah, but remember that in shakespeare's play, macbeth panicked when he saw the ghost of banquo he had killed. so, how about that, mr tony morelli?'there was a silence. anthony sat down, and threw his cigarette into the fire. 'how did you find out?''you admit that you are tony morelli? ''why deny it? i expect you've got my details from america.''and you admit that when rosemary barton discovered your real identity, you threatened to murder her unless she kept quiet?''i tried to scare her,' agreed tony, pleasantly.colonel race stared uncertainly at the man sitting opposite him. 'shall i tell you exactly what we know about you, morelli?''it might be amusing.''you were convicted in the united states of trying to sabotage the ericsen aeroplane works and were sent to prison. at the end of your sentence, you vanished. you were next discovered in london staying at claridge's and calling yourself anthony browne. there you met lord dewsbury, and other important armaments manufacturers. you stayed with lord dewsbury, and he chose to share some top-secret information with you. it is a strange coincidence. morelli, that a trail of mysterious accidents and some lucky escapes from industrial disasters occurred soon after your visits to various important armaments factories.''coincidences,' said anthony, 'are extraordinary things.''you returned to london and befriended iris marle, making excuses not to visit her home, so that her family would not realize how close you were becoming. finally you tried to persuade her to marry you in secret.''and why not? i've served my prison sentence. i've made some useful friends. i've fallen in love with a charming girl and i'm keen to marry her.''so keen that you wanted the wedding to happen before her family could discover your background. iris marle is a very rich young woman.'anthony nodded. 'families can be horribly interfering. iris doesn't know anything about my criminal past. and i would rather she didn't.''i'm afraid she is going to learn all about it. perhaps you don't realize.'anthony laughed. 'oh, i know what you're thinking. rosemary barton found out about me, so i killed her. george suspected me, so i killed him! and now i'm after iris's money! it all makes sense, but you can't prove a thing!'race watched him carefully for some minutes. then he got up from his chair. 'all the facts about your past are true,' he said. 'and it's all wrong.'anthony narrowed his eyes. 'what's wrong?''you are. the story made sense until i saw you, but now it won't work. you're not a criminal. you're one of us, aren't you? a british agent?anthony smiled slowly. 'yes. that's why i've tried to avoid meeting you. i was afraid that you would guess what i am, and it was important that nobody knew - until yesterday. now, thank goodness, it's all over. we've caught the gang of international criminals we've been hunting for the last three years. i've been working undercover, going to meetings, making connections inside the gang. at last, my chief decided that i had to commit a real crime and go to prison. it was the most certain way to convince the gang i was one of them.when i came out of prison, they trusted me, and i gradually worked my way towards the centre of the operation. it was an international network, run from central europe. acting as the gang's agent i came to london and stayed at claridge's hotel. they had ordered me to make friends with lord dewsbury, so i joined the london social scene, and that's how i met rosemary barton.'but one day i was shocked to learn that she knew i had been in prison in america as tony morelli. i was terrified for her safety! the criminals i was working for would have killed her immediately if they thought she knew about me. i tried to scare her into keeping her mouth shut, but i couldn't trust her to keep quiet.'so, i decided to leave london - and then i saw iris coming down a staircase. i promised myself that once my mission was finished, i would come back and marry her. when my part in the operation was over, i returned to london and found her again. i stayed away from her family, because i knew they would make inquiries about my background and i needed to stay undercover for a bit longer. but i began to worry about her. she looked ill and afraid - and george barton was behaving very strangely. i asked her to come away and marry me, but she refused.'and then i was invited to this party. as we sat down to dinner, george said you would be coming, so i told him that i had met a man i knew and might have to leave early. actually i had seen someone i knew in america - monkey coleman - and i wanted to avoid him. but i really wanted to escape meeting you, as i was still undercover. and then george died. i had nothing to do with his death, or rosemary's. i still don't know who did kill them.''any idea?''it must have been either the waiter or one of the people at the table. i don't think it was the waiter. it wasn't me or iris. it could have been one, or both, of the farradays. ruth lessing seems to me to be the most likely person. but on both nights she was sitting in a place from which it was impossible for her to poison the champagne glass.' anthony paused. 'have you found out who wrote those anonymous letters yet?'race shook his head. 'no. i thought i had - but i was wrong.''because someone knows that rosemary was murdered. and, unless you're careful, that person will be murdered next!'chapter twenty threeon the day of the inquest into george's death, anthony arrived at elvaston square at half-past five in the afternoon. he was told by the new parlourmaid that iris had just come in, and was in the study.iris jumped nervously as he entered the room. 'oh, it's you,' she said.anthony came quickly towards her. 'what's the matter, darling?''nothing.' she paused. 'only - i was nearly run over. oh, it was my own fault. i was thinking so hard, i crossed the road without looking, and a car came round a corner really fast and just missed me.'anthony held her gently. 'oh, iris, i'm worried about you - not about your miraculous escape from under the wheels of a car, but about why you're wandering about in the middle of the road. what's worrying you, my darling? ''i'm afraid,' she said, quietly.anthony sat down beside her on a sofa. 'come on.' he smiled, encouragingly. 'tell me all about it.''i don't know if you'll believe me. it's about... the other night. you were at the inquest this morning, so you heard...' she broke off, her eyes wide and dark with fear.'very little' said anthony. 'the police doctor talked about the effects of cyanide. the police inspector, who was the first to arrive at the luxembourg, gave his report. george's body was identified by his chief clerk. and then the inquest was closed for a week.''that police inspector described finding a small paper sachet under the table, containing signs of cyanide.''yes. well, clearly whoever put the poison into george's glass then dropped the container under the table. couldn't risk having it found on him - or her.'iris began to shake. 'no, anthony. i dropped that packet under the table!'he stared at her in amazement.'you remember how george drank that champagne and then it happened?' she said.he nodded.'it was like some horrible dream. after the cabaret, when the lights went on again, i was so happy. because that was the moment when we found rosemary dead before, and i was so afraid that i would see it all again... see her lying dead across the table. but there was nothing there, and suddenly it felt as if the whole thing really was over at last, and everything would be all right again. so i danced with george, and started to enjoy myself at last.'then we came back to the table, and george asked us to drink to rosemary's memory, and then he died and the nightmare was back again. i just stood there, shaking. and suddenly i started to cry. i opened my bag to get my handkerchief, and i found something tangled up inside it. it was a paper sachet, the kind you get medicine powders in from the chemist. but it wasn't in my bag when i left home! i had packed a powder compact, a lipstick, a handkerchief, a comb, and some loose coins. so, someone else must have put that sachet in my bag. and i remembered how they had found a sachet like that in rosemary's bag after she died, with cyanide in it, so i dropped it under the table. i was really frightened. somebody meant it to look as though i killed george, and i didn't.'anthony whistled. 'did anyone see you do it? 'iris hesitated. 'i think ruth may have. but she was so shocked that i don't know if she actually noticed - or if she was just staring at me blankly.''why weren't your fingerprints on it, i wonder? ''i was holding it through the handkerchief.'anthony nodded. 'that was lucky.''but who could have put it in my bag? i had it beside me all the evening.''no. when you went to dance after the cabaret, you left it on the table. somebody could have done it then - or when you visited the ladies' cloakroom as you arrived. can you remember what happened in there?iris thought. 'we all went to the long table, put our bags down and checked our make-up in the mirrors. ruth put powder on her nose, and sandra tidied up her hair. i gave my coat to the attendant, and went over to the washbasins.''leaving your bag on the table?''yes. i washed my hands, while ruth finished her make-up and sandra gave her coat to the attendant. then sandra returned to the mirror, ruth came over to wash her hands and i went back to the table to comb my hair.''so, either of them could have put something in your bag without you seeing? ''yes, but i can't believe they would do such a thing. and if it was ruth, why didn't she say she saw me drop the packet? ''i don't know. so it looks as though it wasn't her...'iris sighed. 'i'm so glad i've told you. no one else needs to know, do they?'anthony looked embarrassed. 'i'm afraid they do, iris. in fact you're going to come with me now in a taxi, to tell kemp.''oh, no, anthony! they'll think i killed george.''they're more likely to think so if they find out later that you kept quiet about this!''please, anthony.''look here, iris, you're in a difficult position. but you must tell the truth. you can't play safe when it's a question of justice. come on, we're going to see kemp! now!'as she followed him unwillingly into the hall, the front door bell rang.'oh, i forgot! ' exclaimed iris. 'ruth said she would come over after work to discuss the funeral arrangements. aunt lucilla has gone to have tea with a friend, and i thought we could organize things better while she was out. she does confuse things so.' anthony stepped forward and opened the door. ruth was looking tired and carrying a large briefcase. 'i'm sorry i'm late. the train was terribly crowded tonight and then i had to wait for three buses. there wasn't a taxi anywhere.'iris said, 'i can't come now, anthony.''you must.' said anthony. 'i'm sorry to take iris away, miss lessing, but it can't be avoided.''that's all right, mr browne. i'll fix everything with mrs drake when she comes back.''come on,' said anthony, and pulled iris out through the open door.a taxi was approaching along the square. anthony stopped it and asked the driver to take them to scotland yard.chapter twenty fouran hour or two later, three men were sitting at a small round table in a cafe. colonel race and chief inspector kemp were drinking cups of dark brown tea. anthony was drinking the cafe's idea of a nice cup of coffee. it was certainly not anthony's idea.chief inspector kemp, having checked into anthony's real background carefully, had decided to accept him as a colleague. 'if you ask me,' he said, dropping several lumps of sugar into his tea and stirring it, 'this case will never come to trial. our only hope was to find evidence of the purchasing or handling of cyanide by one of those five suspects, but we haven't. it'll be one of those cases where you know who did it, but simply can't prove it.''do you know who did it?' asked anthony.'oh, i'm pretty certain it was lady alexandra farraday. i believe she's the jealous type. i doubt mr barton would have bought that house in the country unless he suspected one of the farradays. he must have made it pretty obvious, insisting that they come to his party, so she decided to finish him off! that's just theory, but the fact is that the only person who could have dropped something into mr barton's glass just before he drank, would be lady alexandra, who was sitting on his right.''just one point,' interrupted race. 'even if lady alexandra is a jealous woman, capable of murder, could she slip incriminating evidence into an innocent girl's handbag? a girl who has never done her any harm? could the daughter of the kidderminsters do such a thing?'inspector kemp stared unhappily into his teacup for a moment, then decided to change the subject. 'mr browne,' he said, turning to anthony, 'and i'll still call you that, if you don't mind - i want to thank you for bringing miss marle straight to me this evening to tell her story.''she didn't want to come, i imagine?' said colonel race. 'she's terrified, poor girl,' said anthony.'naturally,' said the chief inspector, 'but i think we reassured her. she went home quite happy.''you may be right, chief inspector, that the case will never come to trial - but that's a very unsatisfactory ending. and we still don't know who wrote those letters to george!''are your suspicions still the same, browne?' asked race. 'yes, ruth lessing is my bet for the murderer. she was in love with george, and i believe rosemary treated her pretty badly. i think she saw a chance to get rid of rosemary, and then marry george herself.''ruth lessing has the cool character that could plan and execute a murder, and she certainly has the motive for the first killing,' agreed race. 'but why would she then poison the man she loved and wanted to marry! and if she had hidden the cyanide packet in iris's bag, why did she keep quiet about seeing her throw it under the table?''perhaps she didn't see it,' suggested anthony, doubtfully.'i think she did. when i interviewed her, i knew she was hiding something.''so, who gets your vote. colonel?' asked kemp.race looked at the other men thoughtfully. 'you have both chosen female suspects. and i also suspect a woman.' he paused. 'i think the guilty person is iris marle.'anthony pushed his chair back with a crash, his face red with anger. with an effort, he regained his self-control, and although his voice shook slightly, it sounded as light and mocking as ever.'by all means let us discuss the idea. why iris? and if so, why should she tell me about dropping the cyanide paper under the table?''because she knew that ruth had seen her do it.'anthony nodded. 'very well. so, why do you suspect her? ''the motive,' said race. 'rosemary inherited an enormous fortune, in which iris had no share, but if rosemary died childless, the money would be hers. rosemary was depressed, exhausted by her illness, in just the mood where a verdict of suicide would be accepted.''and then george showed her those anonymous letters, and she panicked and murdered him, too? is that what you think?''yes.''so, how did she get the cyanide into george's glass?''i don't know.''well, i'm glad there's something you don't know.' anthony's eyes were dangerous. 'right, then,' he continued, briskly, 'things have changed and we simply have to solve this case now. i'll restate the questions. who knew that rosemary had been murdered? and who wrote to george telling him so? well, i'm afraid we'll have to ignore that first murder for now. it's too long ago, and we don't know exactly what happened. but i saw the second murder take place, so i should know how it happened.'the perfect time to put the cyanide in george's glass was during the cabaret, but it couldn't have been done then because he drank from the glass straight afterwards. nobody else touched his glass, but the next time he drank from it, it was full of cyanide. he couldn't have been poisoned - but he was! it was a conjuring trick... oh, of course!' he held his head in his hands, in obvious mental distress. 'that's it... that's it... for lots and lots of money - and maybe love as well? the bag... the waiter... yes!'he dropped his hands and stared at the other two men. 'don't you see? a waiter could have poisoned the champagne, but not the waiter who was serving them! and george and george's glass are two different things! come on, i'll show you.' he jumped to his feet.kemp looked regretfully at his half-full teacup. 'i have to pay the bill,' he muttered.'no, no, we'll be back in a moment. i must show you outside. come on.'pushing their chairs out of the way, he hurried the others into the entrance hall of the cafe. 'do you see that telephone box over there?''yes?'anthony felt in his pockets. 'oh no, i haven't got a coin for the call. never mind. i'd rather not do that, actually. let's go back.'they returned to the table. kemp picked up his pipe and began to clean it out.race looked at anthony, puzzled, and picked up his cup to finish his tea. 'goodness me,' he said in great surprise. 'it's got sugar in it!' he looked across at anthony, who smiled at him.'and what on earth is this?' said kemp, after tasting his own cup.'coffee,' said anthony. 'i don't think you'll like it. i didn't.'chapter twenty fiveas anthony watched understanding appear in the eyes of the other men, a new thought hit him. 'just a minute - that car!' he cried, and jumped to his feet. 'i'm a fool! an idiot! iris told me that a car had nearly run her over - and i hardly listened. come on, quick! ''she said she was going straight home when she left scotland yard,' said kemp.'who's at the house?' asked race.'ruth lessing was there, waiting for mrs drake to come home and discuss the funeral.''discussing everything else as well, if i know mrs drake,' said race. he added abruptly, 'has iris marle got any other relations?''not that i know of.''i see the direction in which your thoughts are leading you. but - is it physically possible?''i think so. consider for yourself how much has been taken for granted on one person's word.''you think that miss marle is in danger?' asked kemp as he paid the bill.'yes, i do.'the three men hurried out of the cafe and stopped a taxi, telling the driver to go to elvaston square as quickly as possible.'i've only got the general idea so far,' said kemp, as they raced through the london streets. 'it certainly clears the farradays, thank goodness. but surely there wouldn't be another murder so soon?''the sooner the better,' said race. 'before anyone realizes the truth. iris told me, in front of mrs drake, that she would marry browne as soon as he wanted her to.'as the taxi drew up in elvaston square, anthony leapt out and ran up the steps to ring the bell, while race paid the fare. kemp followed anthony up the steps as the parlourmaid opened the door.'is miss iris back?' asked anthony, anxiously.'yes, sir. half an hour ago.'he sighed with relief. 'where is she?''i expect she's in the sitting room with mrs drake.'anthony nodded and went up the stairs to the sitting room, race and kemp following behind him.in the sitting room, they found lucilla drake searching for a letter in her desk.'where's iris?' demanded anthony.lucilla stared at him. 'i beg your pardon? who are you?' recognizing race, she smiled. she did not notice chief inspector kemp also entering the room. 'colonel race! how kind of you to come! but i do wish you could have been here a little earlier - i would have liked to ask you about the funeral arrangements. i was so upset that i couldn't really think. miss lessing was very kind, and offered to do everything she could to help me. but, naturally i am the person most likely to know what george's favourite hymns were - not that he went to church very often...'as she paused to take a breath, race asked, 'where is miss marle?''she said she had a headache and was going up to her room. i said that was quite all right. miss lessing and i were managing perfectly well, and she could leave everything to us.''has miss lessing gone?' asked kemp.'yes, she went about ten minutes ago. canon westbury is to give the funeral service...'as lucilla went on talking, anthony backed silently out of the door and ran up the stairs. chief inspector kemp followed close behind him. they were on the second floor landing, when anthony heard a light footstep coming down the stairs from the floor above. he pulled kemp behind a nearby bathroom door.as the footsteps continued down the stairs, anthony came out of the bathroom and ran up to the third floor. iris's room, he knew, was at the back of the house. he knocked on the door. 'iris!' there was no reply. he tried the handle. the door was locked. in sudden fear, he beat loudly upon it. 'iris - iris!' looking down, he saw that a woollen mat had been pushed up against the bottom of the door. he kicked it away and lay down to press his nose against the gap. he smelt the air, then leapt up and shouted 'kemp!'there was no reply from the chief inspector, but colonel race came running up the stairs.'gas, pouring out!' cried anthony. 'we'll have to break the door down.'the two men ran at the door. the lock broke, and the door flew open.'she's by the fire,' said race. 'i'll break the window. you get her out.'iris was lying, unconscious, by the gas fire, her face beside the open gas tap. coughing and choking from the fumes, anthony carried her out onto the stairs and laid her on the floor.'i'll look after her,' said race. 'go and call a doctor. don't worry. she'll be all right. we got here just in time.'chapter twenty sixiris was lying on a sofa, in the sitting room at little priors, where she had been taken to recover from her terrible experience. 'and now, please, tony, will you tell me all about it?' she asked.anthony smiled widely at colonel race, who was sitting by the window in the morning sunshine. 'i must say, i've been looking forward to this moment. if i don't tell people how clever i've been, i shall burst. so, here goes.'george discovered that rosemary's death wasn't suicide after all, and he started to investigate, but before he could reveal her killer, he was also murdered. however, his murder was impossible. george couldn't be poisoned, but george was poisoned. nobody touched george's glass, but george's glass was tampered with.and then i realized the one important point. george's ear is george's ear, because it is fixed to his head and cannot be removed without a surgical operation! but george's watch might belong to him, or might have been lent to him by someone else. in the same way, 'george's wine glass' simply means the glass from which he has just been drinking. there is nothing else to separate it from several other similar glasses.'to prove this, i made an experiment. race was drinking tea without sugar, kemp was drinking tea with sugar, and i was drinking coffee. all three drinks looked similar. we were sitting at one of several small, round tables in a cafe. i made an excuse and hurried the others out into the entrance hall, knocking their chairs out of position as we stood up. i also secretly moved kemp's pipe, which was lying beside his cup to the same position beside my cup.'when we returned, kemp pulled his chair up to the table again, and sat beside his pipe. race sat on his right, and i sat on his left, as before. but now, the impossible had happened. before, kemp's cup had sweet tea in it. now kemp's cup contained coffee. these two facts can't both be true - but they are. because kemp's cup when he left the table, and kemp's cup when he returned, are not the same thing.'and that is what happened at the luxembourg that night, iris. after the cabaret, when you went to dance, you dropped your bag. a waiter picked it up - not the waiter who was serving your table and knew which seat was yours, but another waiter who was hurrying past and quickly picked up the bag and put it beside the plate one place to the left of yours. when you returned, you went to the place marked by your bag, and george sat down on your right. when he proposed his toast in memory of rosemary, he drank from what he thought was his glass but was actually your glass. a glass which could have been poisoned earlier, because the only person who did not drink straight after the cabaret, was the person who was being toasted by the other guests - and that means you, iris! you were the intended victim, not george! if things had gone as planned, we would have seen the suicide of the second marle sister. a piece of paper which had contained cyanide is found in her bag, and the case is clear! the poor girl could not cope with her sister's death.'- iris interrupted him. 'but why should anyone want to kill me?''money, my darling! you inherited rosemary's fortune. but if you died unmarried, the money would then go to your closest relative - your aunt lucilla. and then who else would benefit? victor drake, who has always exploited his unfortunate mother. it's easy to see victor as a killer. and from the very start of the case, he has has been hiding in the shadows.''but victor has been in south america for over a year!''has he really? you see, this story starts with "girl meets boy!" when ruth lessing met victor, i think she fell in love with him. those quiet, sensible women often fall for bad men. and the evidence that victor was in south america depends entirely on ruth's word. it was ruth who reported that victor had sailed away on the s.s. cristobal before rosemary's death! and it was ruth who suggested telephoning buenos aires on the day of george's death, then dismissed the telephone operator who knew she did not make the call.'in fact, victor drake had left buenos aires several weeks before, but he left behind a telegram to be sent in his name on a certain date - another demand for money - which would prove that he was still there. instead of which, he was the mexican sitting with a girlfriend at the table next to ours at the luxembourg! bad skin and bloodshot eyes make a simple but effective disguise. in our party, i was the only person apart from ruth lessing who had ever seen victor drake, but i was sitting with my back to him. as we came into the restaurant, i did recognize a man i wanted to avoid, who i had known in prison as monkey coleman. but i never imagined that he was connected to the crime, or that he and victor drake were the same man.''but how did he do it?''it was simple,' said colonel race. 'during the cabaret he went out to make a telephone call, passing our table on the way. in the past, drake had been both an actor and a waiter. pedro morales was an easy role for an actor to play, but to move professionally around a table, filling up champagne glasses, required the skill of a man who had actually been a waiter. and none of you noticed him. you were watching the cabaret, not the waiter.''and it was ruth who put the cyanide paper in your bag,' said anthony. 'probably in the cloakroom when you first arrived. she did the same thing to rosemary, a year ago.''i always thought it strange that george hadn't told ruth about those letters. he took her advice about everything.'anthony laughed. 'of course he told her. she knew he would. that's why she wrote them. then she helped him to arrange his plan, and so she prepared nicely for suicide number two - which would be yours.''and to think i actually wanted her to marry george!''she would probably have made him a very good wife, if she hadn't met victor.'iris shivered. 'just for money!''victor certainly did it for money. ruth did it for money, for victor, and also, i think, because she hated rosemary. she had changed greatly by the time she tried to run you down in a car, and still further when she left lucilla in the sitting room, and ran up to your bedroom. did she seem dangerous when you saw her?' iris considered. 'no. she just knocked on my door, came in and said everything was arranged and she hoped i was feeling all right. i said i was quite tired. and after that i don't remember anything.''because she hit you on the head and knocked you unconscious, darling. then she put you by the gas fire, turned on the tap and went out, locking the door and sliding the key back underneath it. she pushed the mat up against the door to seal it, and crept back down the stairs. kemp and i were hiding in the bathroom as she passed. i ran up to your room and kemp left to follow ruth to where she had left the car. you know, i felt at the time there was something strange about the way she tried to convince us that she had come by train and bus.'iris shuddered. 'it's horrible to think someone wanted to kill me. did she hate me, too?''oh, i don't think so. but she didn't want her efforts to be for nothing. i'm sure lucilla told her you had decided to marry me, which meant there was no time to lose. once we were married, i would become the next heir to the fortune.''poor lucilla. i'm so sorry for her. has victor really been arrested?'race nodded. 'this morning, when he arrived in new york.''was he going to marry ruth? ''she thought so. and i think she would have got her way.''anthony, i don't like my money.''all right, sweetheart. i've got enough money of my own to keep a wife in comfort. let's give yours away to charity.''i think i'll keep a little bit,' said iris. 'so that if i ever wanted to, i could walk out and leave you.''i don't think that's the right attitude to begin married life with!' anthony protested, laughing.colonel race got up. 'i'm going to have tea with the farradays.' he smiled broadly at anthony. 'i don't suppose you're coming?'anthony shook his head and race walked out of the room. he turned in the doorway and said, 'good show,' before closing the door behind him.'that,' said anthony, 'is the highest mark of british approval.''he thought i had done it, didn't he?' asked iris.'it's not his fault. he has known so many beautiful spies, all stealing secret formulas and classified information, that he thinks it must always be the beautiful girl who did it!''so, how did you know i hadn't?''oh, love, i suppose,' smiled anthony browne.