i have sometimes wondered why we decided to walk from castle rock to harlow on the railway tracks. i imagine a conversation between the four of us.'we could easily hitchhike up route 7,' i say, 'until it joins the back harlow road. with a little luck we'll find ray brower only a few hours after we leave.''that's too easy, man' says teddy, and vern adds, 'don't be such a pussy, gordie. it will really be something to walk along the tracks.' chris only smiles.so we didn't take the shorter way, the easier way. they say the effect of events can grow larger and larger as the years pass, so who knows? if we hadn't walked along the tracks maybe chris and teddy and vern would still be alive today. no, they didn't die in the forest or on the railway tracks. no one dies in this story except some leeches and ray brower, and he was dead before the story started, actually. but it is true that of the four of us who spun coins to see who would go down to the florida market to get food, only the one who went is still alive, at the ripe old age of thirty- four.maybe we knew, or half knew, that going to see a dead body was a big thing, as big as sleeping with a girl for the first time. and the big things in life should never be easy; they should be marked in some way as important. you don't hitchhike to a thing like that, perhaps. so if walking along the tracks turned out to be harder than we had expected, maybe we thought that was right. events had turned our trip into what we had always suspected it was: a serious matter.what we didn't know as we walked around the bluffs was that billy tessio, charlie hogan, jack mudgett, norman 'fuzzy' brackowicz, vince desjardins, chris's older brother eyeball and ace merrill himself were all on their way to take a look at the body themselves. they were climbing into ace's black 1952 ford and vince's pink 1954 studebaker even as we started on the last part of our trip.billy and charlie had managed to keep their enormous secret for just about twenty-four hours. then charlie told ace while they were drinking at the bar, and billy told jack mudgett while they were fishing from the boom road bridge. both ace and jack had sworn to keep the secret - and that was how everyone in their gang knew about it by midday.fuzzy suggested that they could all become heroes by 'finding' the body. they could tell the police they had gone to the royal river to fish and had found the body instead.they were driving fast up the road from castle rock to the back harlow area just as we finally started to get close.