clouds began to gather in the sky around two o'clock, but at first none of us thought it would rain. after all, it hadn't rained since the early days of july. but they kept building up to the south of us in great purple columns, and they began to move slowly in our direction.finally we had to accept that it was going to rain. in the hour between two and three the quality of the day's light began to change. it was just as hot as before, but we knew. the birds knew as well; they seemed to appear from nowhere and fill the sky with their cries. the light grew less definite and our shadows became less clear. the sun had begun to sail in and out of the thickening clouds, and the southern sky turned brown. we watched the enormous thunderclouds come closer and threaten the land. sometimes lightning flashed within the clouds and changed their purplish colour to a light grey. then we saw lightning flash down from the nearest cloud. it was followed by a long, shaking burst of thunder.we complained a bit about how wet we were going to get, but of course we were looking forward to it. it would be cool... and there would be no leeches in this water.around half past three we saw running water through a break in the trees.'that's it!' chris shouted happily. 'that's the royal!'we began to walk faster. the storm was getting close now. the air began to move and the temperature dropped suddenly i looked down and saw that my shadow had completely disappeared.we were walking in pairs again, two on either side of the tracks, so that we could look down both sides of the railway bank. my mouth was dry with nervousness. the sun finally sailed behind the clouds and didn't reappear. the light became dull. we could smell the river clearly - or perhaps it was the smell of the rain in the air.a sudden impossible flash of lightning lit the area, making me cry out and cover my eyes. i heard the tearing fall of some big tree about sixty yards away. the crack of thunder which followed made me stop for a second in fear. i wanted to be at home reading a good book in a safe place.'jesus!' vern screamed in a high voice. 'look at that!'i looked up in the direction vern was pointing and saw a blue-white fireball rolling fast up the left track, sounding exactly like an angry cat. it hurried past us as we turned in amazement to watch it go. twenty feet beyond us it suddenly burst and disappeared.'what am i doing here?' teddy said.'man!' chris said happily. 'it is going to rain like it's never rained before!'but i agreed with teddy. the sky was alarming. lightning flashed down again and this time there was no pause before the following thunder.my ears were still ringing from the thunder when vern began to shout: 'there! there he is! i see him!'i can see vern still, if i want to. all i have to do is sit back for a minute and close my eyes. he's standing there on the left of the tracks, one hand protecting his eyes from the lightning that has just come down, the other stretched out and pointing.we ran up beside him and looked. i was thinking to myself, vern's just imagining it, that's all. but he wasn't, although for a second i wished he was. in that moment i knew i never wanted to see a dead body, not even of a tiny animal.at the bottom of the bank was a boggy, smelly mess of bushes and appearing out of the bushes was a single, pale, white hand.did any of us breathe? i didn't.the wind was blowing quite strongly at times now, and was coming at us from no particular direction. i hardly noticed. why couldn't we have seen the whole body instead of just that one hand, horribly white, the fingers resting upside down on the ground? that hand told us the truth of the whole matter. it made us know that death was real. the memory of that hand comes back to me every time i hear or read of some tragic disaster. somewhere, joined to that hand, was the rest of ray brower.lightning flashed. thunder cracked after each flash of lightning.'jesus!' chris whispered.vern's tongue was running over his lips as if he had just tasted something new and different - something which excited him and disgusted him at the same time.teddy only stood and looked. the wind blew his dirty hair first away from his ears and then back over them. his face was totally blank.there were black insects walking on the hand.a great whispering noise began to rise in the forest on both sides of the tracks, as if the forest had just noticed we were there and was commenting on it. the rain had started.enormous drops of rain fell for five seconds and then stopped. there was a pause, and then the storm really started. immediately we were all completely wet. the whispering sound changed; now it sounded like millions of hammers. it was as if the forest was blaming us for our discovery.chris jumped over the side of the bank and i followed. vern and teddy were close behind us, but chris and i were the first to reach the body of ray brower. he was face down. chris looked into my eyes. i nodded slightly, as if he had spoken aloud.i think he was down here and fairly undamaged instead of up there between the tracks and completely knocked out of shape because he was trying to get out of the way when the train hit him. he had landed with his head towards the tracks, arms over his head like someone about to dive. he had landed in boggy ground which was rapidly filling with water. his hair was dark red. there was blood in it, but not a lot - not enough to make you feel sick. the insects were worse. he was wearing a dark green t-shirt and blue jeans. his feet were bare and a few feet behind him, caught in a bush, i saw a pair of dirty shoes. for a moment i was puzzled - why was he here and his shoes there? then i realized, and the realization was like a heavy blow to the stomach. my wife, my children, my friends - they all think that having an imagination like mine must be quite nice: not only do i make a lot of money from it, but i can also see films in my mind when i want to. but sometimes my imagination turns out to have long, sharp, cruel teeth. you see things you would prefer not to see, things that keep you awake all night. i saw one of those things then; i saw it clearly and with absolute certainty. he was knocked clean out of his shoes. the train had knocked him out of his shoes just as it had knocked the life out of his body.that was what finally made me realize that the guy was dead. he wasn't ill, he wasn't sleeping. he wasn't going to get up in the morning any more, or eat too many apples, or worry about school exams. he was dead, completely dead. he wasn't going to go out with his friends in the spring to collect bottles uncovered by the departing snow. he wasn't going to get into fights in the playground. he wasn't going to pull a single girl's hair. he was everything like wasn't, can't, don't, shouldn't, wouldn't, couldn't. he was one big not. he was dead. i could go on all day and not explain the distance between his bare feet on the ground and his dirty shoes hanging on the bush. it was about three feet, it was millions and millions of miles. he was disconnected from his shoes and there was no hope of reconnection. he was dead.we turned him face up into the pouring rain, the lightning, the steady crack of thunder.there were insects all over his face and neck. they ran in and out of the round collar of his t-shirt. his eyes were open but horribly wrong: one was rolled back so far that we could see only white, the other stared straight up into the storm. there was some dried blood around his mouth and on his chin, and a wound on the right side of his face. still, i thought, he didn't look too bad. i had once walked into a door my brother dennis was pushing open, and i had looked worse than this.an insect came out of his mouth, walked across his cheek, stepped on to the leaf of a plant and was gone.'did you see that?' teddy asked in a high, strange voice. 'i bet he's full of insects! i bet his brains are -''shut up, teddy,' chris said.lightning lit up his one good eye. you could almost believe he was glad to see us, boys his own age. his body was swollen and there was the slight smell of some gas.i turned away. i was sure i was going to be sick, but my stomach was dry and steady. i pushed two fingers down my throat, trying to make myself puke, wanting to, needing to. but nothing happened.the noise of the rain and the thunder had completely covered the sound of cars approaching along the back harlow road, which lay a few yards beyond this boggy area. it also covered the sound of them pushing through the trees and the bushes. the first we knew of them was ace merrill's voice calling above the noise of the storm, saying: 'what have we got here?'chapter twenty oneace merrillwe all jumped in surprise and vern cried out. he admitted later that he thought, just for a second, that the voice had come from the dead boy.on the far side of the boggy area, where the forest started again and hid the end of the road, ace merrill and eyeball chambers stood together.'hell!' eyeball said. 'that's my little brother!'chris was staring at eyeball with his mouth open. his wet shirt was still tied around his waist. his backpack, darker green now because of the rain, was hanging against his bare back.'you go away, rich,' he said. 'we found him.''it doesn't matter. we're going to report him.''no, you're not,' i said. i was suddenly angry with them. i was determined that this one time the older guys weren't going to just take something from the younger ones. they had come in cars. i think that's what made me angriest. after all our hard work, they had come in cars. 'there are four of us, eyeball.'in answer, vince desjardins, charlie hogan and vern's brother billy stepped through the trees behind ace and eyeball, and they were followed by jack mudgett and fuzzy brackowicz.'here we all are,' ace said, grinning. 'so you just -''vern!' billy tessio cried in a terrible, accusing voice. 'you little worm! you were under the front of the house. you heard us talking!'vern looked frightened.charlie hogan supported billy. 'i ought to beat the puke out of you!''yeah? come on, then,' teddy suddenly shouted. his eyes were shining crazily behind his rain-washed glasses. 'come on, then. we'll fight you for the body. come on, you big men.'billy and charlie stepped forward, but ace put a hand on their shoulders. 'now listen, you guys,' he said patiently, as if we weren't standing in a rainstorm. 'there are more of us than there are of you. we're bigger. we'll give you one chance to disappear. i don't care where. just leave.'eyeball laughed and fuzzy slapped ace on the back.'because we're taking him.' ace smiled gently. 'if you go, we'll take him. if you stay, we'll hurt you and then take him. anyway, charlie and billy found him first.''they were pussies!' teddy shouted back. 'vern told us about it.'they were too frightened to do anything about it.' he copied charlie hogan's voice.' "it's a pity we stole that car! it's a pity we went to the back harlow road! oh, billy, what are we going to do? oh, billy, i think i just puked on my shoes!"'charlie started forward again. i looked wildly at ray brower. he stared calmly up into the rain with his one eye. there was still thunder, but the rain was getting lighter.'what do you say, gordie?' ace asked. he was holding charlie lightly by the arm. 'you must have at least some of your brother's sense. tell these guys to go away. i'll let charlie beat up the one with glasses a bit, but that's all. what do you say?'he was wrong to mention denny. i had wanted to explain that we had really found the body first, since charlie and billy hadn't been interested. i wanted to tell him about the train on the bridge; about milo pressman and his fearless but stupid dog; about the leeches. i wanted to say: come on, ace, be fair. but he had to mention denny, and instead of a reasonable argument, what i heard coming out of my mouth was certain death: 'go to hell, ace,' i said.ace's mouth formed a perfect o of surprise. everyone, on both sides of the bog, stared at me in amazement.then teddy screamed happily, 'that's telling him, gordie! yeah, man!'i stood still, unable to believe what i had done. i was like an actor on stage who has just spoken the wrong words. out of the corner of my eye i saw that chris was digging in the bottom of his backpack, but i didn't immediately understand.'ok,' ace said softly. 'let's get them. don't hurt anyone except the lachance boy. i'm going to break both his arms.' and he meant it.they started to walk towards us through the rain. jackie mudgett took a knife out of his pocket. vern and teddy dropped into fighting positions on either side of me. teddy did so eagerly, vern with a desperate look on his face.ace and his gang moved towards us in a line through the mud. the body of ray brower lay at our feet. i got ready to fight... and that was when chris used the gun he had taken from his father's desk.ka-blam!god, what a wonderful sound that was! charlie hogan jumped up into the air. ace merrill, who had been staring straight at me, turned round and looked at chris. his mouth made that o again. eyeball looked amazed.'chris that's daddy's gun,' he said. 'he's really going to hurt you for that.''that's nothing compared to what you'll get,' chris said. his face was horribly pale and his eyes flashed. 'you all know charlie and billy didn't want to come at first. we wouldn't have walked all the way out here if they were going to come. they just went somewhere and puked the story up and let ace merrill do all the thinking.' his voice rose to a scream. 'but you aren't going to get him, do you hear me?''now listen,' ace said. 'you'd better put that down before you shoot your foot off. you haven't got the courage to shoot a mouse.' he began to walk forward again, smiling the gentle smile as he came. 'i'm going to make you eat that gun.''ace, if you don't stand still, i'm going to shoot you, i swear to god.''you'll go to jail,' ace said. he continued to advance. he was still smiling. the rest of us were frozen, watching and waiting. ace didn't think a twelve-year-old boy would shoot him; i thought he was wrong. i thought chris would shoot ace before he would let ace take his father's gun away from him. in those few seconds i was sure there was going to be bad trouble, the worst i'd ever known. killing trouble, maybe. and all about who would report finding a dead body.chris said softly, with great regret, 'where do you want it, ace? arm or leg? i can't decide. you decide for me.'and ace stopped.chapter twenty twohailstoneshis face fell and i saw sudden terror in it. it wasn't chris's words, i think, it was the way he spoke them - the real regret that things were going to go from bad to worse.ace controlled himself. 'all right,' he said softly, speaking to chris. 'but you know what's going to happen to you, don't you?''no, i don't,' chris said.'you little worm!' eyeball said loudly. 'you're going to end up in hospital.''kiss my ass,' chris told him.with an angry cry eyeball started forward, and chris put a bullet into the water about ten feet in front of him. eyeball jumped back, cursing.'ok,' ace said. 'now what?''now you guys are going to get back into your cars and go back to castle rock. after that, i don't care. but you aren't getting him,' he touched ray brower lightly with his foot. 'do you understand?''but we'll get you,' ace said. he was starting to smile again. 'don't you know that? we'll hurt you. sincerely. i can't believe you don't know that.''oh, why don't you go home and...'then the storm came back and the sound drowned out his words. this time the storm was even stronger; and this time it was hail instead of rain. the hailstones were enormous, and the sound they made when they hit the leaves and the trees was unbelievably loud. stones began to hit my shoulders; it felt as if some evil creature was throwing them, intending to hurt. but the hailstones also began to hit ray brower's face with an awful sound, as if they were sinking into him.vern gave in first. with a scream he ran up the bank. teddy waited only a minute, then followed vern, his hands held up over his head. on the other side vince desjardins disappeared back under the cover of some trees and fuzzy brackowicz soon joined him. but the rest of them stayed where they were and ace began to grin again.'stay with me, gordie,' chris said in a low, shaky voice, 'stay with me, man.''i'm here.''go away now,' chris said to ace, and he was able by some magic to get the shaking out of his voice. he sounded as if he was giving instructions to a stupid child.'we'll get you,' ace said. 'we won't forget this.''ok,' chris said. 'that's another day.''we're going to enjoy getting you, chambers. we'll -''get out of here!' chris suddenly screamed, and pointed the gun. ace stepped back.he looked threateningly at chris for a moment longer, nodded, then turned round. 'come on' he said to the others. he looked back over his shoulder at chris and me once more. 'we'll see you later.'they went back into the trees between the bog and the road. chris and i stood perfectly still, in spite of the hail which was so hard that it was making our skin red and which was piling up all around us like snow. we stood and listened until we heard the sound of the engines of two cars.chris went and checked that they were really gone. when he came back he said, 'we did it.' i was shaking all over.we looked at each other warmly for a second and then looked down together. a nasty thrill of fear shot through me and the sound of chris moving his feet let me know that he too had seen it. ray brower's eyes had become wide and white, as if he was staring blindly. a second later i understood what had happened, but understanding didn't make the horror less. his eyes had filled up with round, white hailstones. now water was running down his cheeks as if he was crying. chris and i just looked at each other helplessly.branches cracked behind us. i spun round, sure that ace and the others were coming back, but it was vern and teddy.'what are we going to do, man?' chris asked. he was still looking down at the body and i didn't know whether he was talking to me or to it.'we're going to take him back, aren't we?' teddy asked, puzzled. 'we're going to be heroes. isn't that right, man?' he looked from chris to me and back to chris again.chris looked up as if he was suddenly waking up from a dream. he walked over to teddy and pushed him in the chest so hard that he fell down in the mud. 'you shut up!' chris said. 'you pussy!''it was the hail!' teddy cried out, angry and ashamed. 'it wasn't those guys, chris! i'm frightened of storms! i can't help it!' he began to cry, sitting there in the mud and the water.'what about you?' chris asked, turning to vern. 'are you afraid of storms too?'vern shook his head, surprised by chris's anger. 'no, man, i thought we were all going to run.''but you ran first, you pussy, so how did you know we were all going to run?'vern swallowed nervously and said nothing.he turned to me. 'we're going to carry him back, gordie.''if you say so, chris. but what if those guys -''i don't care about those guys. you are all pussies.''chris, they could call the police, for revenge.''i don't care!' he screamed, and leapt at me. but one of his feet hit ray brewer's body. he fell to the ground and lay in the exact position ray brower was lying. i looked wildly at chris's feet to make sure his shoes were still on. then he began to cry and scream, beating his hands and feet on the wet ground. teddy and vern were staring at him in amazement, because nobody had ever seen chris chambers cry before. after a moment or two i walked back to the bank, climbed it and sat down on one of the tracks. teddy and vern followed me. there we sat in the rain.chapter twenty threea twenty-year-old dreamit was twenty minutes before chris climbed the bank to sit down beside us. the clouds had begun to break and in places the sun was shining through. chris was covered in mud from head to foot.'you're right, gordie,' he said. 'he doesn't belong to anyone.' i nodded. five minutes passed. no one said anything. then i had a thought: what if they did call the police? i went back down the bank and over to where chris had been standing. i got down on my knees and began to search through the water and grass with my fingers.'what are you doing?' teddy asked, joining me.'to your left, i think,' chris said, and pointed.i looked and after a minute or two i found both cartridges. they flashed in the sunlight. i gave them to chris. he nodded and pushed them into his pocket.'now we go,' chris said.'no, man!' teddy cried. 'i want to take him!''listen, stupid,' chris said. 'if we take him back we could get into real trouble. gordie was right. those guys could tell any story they wanted. what if they said we killed him? how would you like that?'teddy was silent.'we're going to walk fast back to the bridge,' chris said. 'then we'll leave the tracks and come into castle rock from the other direction. if people ask where we were, we'll say we were camping up on brickyard hill and got lost.''milo pressman knows better,' i said.'we'll say milo frightened us and that's when we decided to go up on the brickyard.'i nodded. we were all on our feet now, ready to go. the birds were singing madly, pleased with the rain and now the sun and all the worms appearing above ground. we all turned round, as if pulled by strings, and looked back at ray brower.he was lying there, alone again. we had turned him over, so it looked as if he was just lying in the sunshine. then you saw the blood on the chin and under the nose, and his slightly swollen body. you saw that the flies had come out with the sun and were beginning to settle on the body. you remembered the smell. he was a boy our age, and he was dead.'ok,' said chris. 'let's go.'we started back the way we had come. we didn't talk. i don't know about the others, but i was too busy thinking to talk. there were things that worried me about the body of ray brower - they worried me then and they worry me now.he didn't seem to be badly hurt. but the train must have hit him - why else would his shoes be of his feet? perhaps the train had hit him hard enough to knock him down the bank but not hard enough to kill him. that was just possible, if he had been trying to get out of the train's way. then he had lain awake down there in the mud, too frightened to move, in pain and not knowing where he was. i caught a wounded bird once and it died of fear in my hands. perhaps ray brower had died because he was simply too frightened to go on living.but there was another thing, which worried me most of all. all the news reports said that he had been carrying a bucket when he went off to pick fruit. back in castle rock, i went to the library and checked in the newspapers. but we never saw the bucket. where was it? he must have thrown it away somewhere between chamberlain and the boggy ground in harlow where he died. he must have thrown it away when he was just too lost and frightened to go on carrying such a useless object.i've thought of going back to look for the bucket. i've thought of driving to the end of the back harlow road and chasing a twenty-year-old dream. i get my backpack out of the car, take off my shirt and tie it around my waist. i find the boggy ground. is the grass growing yellow there in the shape of a human body? of course not, there's no sign. then i climb the bank up to the now rusty tracks and rotted wood and start walking towards chamberlain. i feel sure that somewhere, to one side of the tracks, i would find the bucket. it would show that there had once been a thirteen-year-old gordon lachance.it's a stupid idea, of course, but the line between childhood and adulthood is narrower than most people like to think. and at times we all feel closer to the children we once were than to the boring, sensible adults we have become. and i remember those days at the end of that summer so well, and i think: that boy was me. and then the fearful thought comes: which boy do you mean?chapter twenty fourlove has teethwe got back to castle rock a little past five o'clock on sunday morning. we had walked all night. nobody complained, although our feet hurt and we were unbelievably hungry. we crossed the bridge in safety, passed through the dump with no sign of milo pressman and the now-not-so-awful chopper, and finally reached town. we stood in front of our tree house and looked at it, so that we didn't have to look at one another.at last teddy said, 'i'll see you in school on wednesday. i think i'm going to sleep till then.''me too,' vern agreed. 'but billy's going to get me.''so what?' chris said. 'richie's going to get me and ace is probably going to get gordie and one of the others will get teddy. but we did it.''that's right,' vern said. but he still sounded unhappy.vern and teddy left. i hesitated for a second before going home, and chris said, 'i'll walk with you.''ok.'we walked for a while without talking. castle rock was wonderfully quiet in the day's first light. i almost expected to turn a corner and see my deer standing there.finally chris spoke. 'vern and teddy will tell others,' he said.'yes,' i said. 'but not today or tomorrow, if that's what you're worried about. maybe not for years.'he looked at me, surprised.'at first they won't know what to say,' i explained. 'and then it will start to seem like a dream and they'll be too embarrassed to talk about it, and then ... it sounds crazy, but i think they'll almost forget it ever happened.'he nodded. 'you see through people, gordie.'we had reached the corner of my street. i wanted to say something more to chris and didn't know how to.'shake hands, man,' he said, sounding tired.'chris -''shake.'we shook.'i'll see you.'he grinned. 'not if i see you first.'he walked off, still laughing, as if he didn't hurt like me and wasn't covered in insect bites; as if he didn't have a care in the world, and wasn't returning to a dirty three-room house with no running water and broken windows covered with plastic.even if i had known the right thing to say i probably couldn't have said it. talking destroys the effects of love. love isn't soft, like those poets say. love has teeth which bite and the wounds never close. no word can close those love-bites. in fact, if the wounds dry up, the words will stop too.chapter twenty fiveempty kitchenback home the kitchen was empty. i took off my clothes and washed all over, until the skin began to hurt. i made myself an enormous breakfast. while i was eating, my mother came into the kitchen.'gordon, where have you been?''camping,' i said. 'we started in vern's field and then went up the brickyard hill. vern's mother said she would speak to you. didn't she?''she probably spoke to your father,' she said, and walked over to the cupboard. she sighed. 'i miss dennis most in the mornings,' she said. 'i always look in his room and it's always empty.''thats terrible,' i said.'he always slept with the curtains open and the blankets... gordon? did you say something?''nothing important, mum.'chapter twenty sixsome people drownthe story never did get out. ace merrill phoned the police without leaving his name, and that's how they found the body. neither his gang nor ours became heroes.milo pressman never said a word. chris's dad hadn't noticed that chris was gone; he was too drunk. teddy's mum got worried on the second night and called vern's mum. vern's mum said that we were in the field - she knew because she could see the lights on in the tent. teddy's mum said she hoped no one was smoking cigarettes in there. vern's mum said she was sure none of vern's or billy's friends smoked.so the story never came out - but that wasn't the end of it. one day near the end of the month, when i was walking home from school, a black ford stopped in front of me. i knew straight away whose car it was, before ace and fuzzy got out of it.i dropped my school books and ran, but they caught me within a few yards. if an old lady hadn't come out of her house, i don't know what would have happened. as it was, they broke my nose and two fingers, as well as giving me a large number of minor injuries.chris's brother broke his arm in two places and left his face as colourful as a sunrise. teddy and vern were hurt too. various stories went round the school, all wildly wrong.when the injuries mended, vern and teddy just drifted away. they had discovered a whole new group of people our age who would do what they said. they started bringing them to the tree house, and chris and i started going there less and less. i think the last time i went there was in the spring of 1961, teddy and vern slowly became just two more faces in school. we nodded and said hi. that was all. it happens. friends come in and out of your life like waiters in a restaurant. but when i think of that dream, the swollen dead bodies under the water pulling at my legs, it seems right that friends should come and go. some people drown. it's not fair, but it happens. some people drown.chapter twenty seventears for a friendvern tessio was killed in a fire that destroyed a house in lewiston in 1966. there had been a large party in the house the night before. someone fell asleep holding a cigarette - vern himself, perhaps, dreaming of his lost pennies.teddy, who had always wanted to join the army, was refused, of course. everyone knew he would be, because of his eyes and his ears - everyone except teddy. he started missing school, going to the places ace and fuzzy and the rest had gone before him. after school he got a job filling holes in the road. he bought himself a car. one day when it was full of his friends, and they were all drinking, he crashed into a tree, turned the car over. it rolled six times and no one came out alive.chris joined the college courses. his parents thought he was crazy; his friends thought he was a pussy; his teachers didn't want this leather-jacketed and leather-booted person on their courses. he and i studied together almost every night, trying to win back the seven years of education chris had lost. we were hanging on to each other in deep water.we both graduated. chris went to university to study law. near the end of the spring term in 1968, chris was queuing in a restaurant when two men in front of him started to argue about who was there first. chris, who had always been the best of us at making peace, stepped between them and got a knife in his throat. he was dead in seconds. i wasn't there. chris was in graduate school, and i had already graduated from university and was married. when i read about it in the newspaper i told my wife i was going out to get a drink. i drove out of town, parked and cried for him. i cried for nearly half an hour without stopping.me? i'm a writer now.