the others slept heavily through the rest of the night. i was sometimes awake and sometimes half asleep. the night was far from silent, with the cries of birds and mice and insects; but there were no more screams.finally i came awake and realized that something was different. it took a moment or two to know what it was: although the moon was down, i could see my hands resting on my jeans. my watch said quarter to five. it was dawn.i stood and walked a few yards into the forest. i stretched and began to feel the fear of the night before slide away. it was a good feeling.i climbed up the bank to the railway tracks and sat on one of the tracks, spinning and catching stones. i was in no hurry to wake the others. the new day felt too good to share.i don't know how long i sat there, watching dawn turn to full morning, watching the sky change from purple to blue. i was about to get up when i looked to my right and saw a deer standing between the tracks not ten yards from me.my heart flew up into my throat. i didn't move. i couldn't move. her eyes weren't brown, but a dark, dusty black. she looked calmly at me, her head held a little low in what looked like curiosity, seeing a boy with his hair standing up from sleep in jeans and brown shirt, sitting there on the tracks. what i was seeing was a gift, given with a kind of terrible carelessness.we looked at each other for a long time ... i think it was a long time. then she turned and walked off to the other side of the tracks. she found grass and began to eat. i couldn't believe it. she hadn't gone away; she had begun to eat. she didn't look back at me and didn't need to: i was frozen solid.then the tracks started to shake under my body and seconds later the deer's head came up and turned back towards castle rock. she stood there for a moment and then she was gone in three leaps, disappearing into the forest with no sound except one dry branch that cracked like a gun.i sat and looked at the place where she had been until the actual sound of the train came through the stillness. then i slid back down the bank to where the others were sleeping.the train woke them up. they yawned and scratched. there was some nervous talk about the 'screaming ghost', as chris called it, but not as much as you might imagine. in daylight it seemed more foolish than interesting - almost embarrassing. best forgotten.i nearly told them about the deer, but in the end i didn't. that was one thing i kept to myself. i've never spoken or written about it until just now, today. and i have to tell you that it seems less important when it is written down. but for me it was the best part of that trip, the cleanest part, and it was a moment i found myself returning to, almost helplessly, when there was trouble in my life: my first day in the forest in vietnam, when this guy walked up with his hand over his nose, and he took his hand away and there was no nose there, because a bullet had taken if off; the time the doctor told us that our son might have a brain infection; the long, crazy weeks before my mother died. i would find my thoughts turning back to that morning. but the most important things are the hardest to say. it's hard to make strangers care about the good things in life.