'you're really lucky,' i said. 'they'd kill you if they knew you had listened'teddy said, 'i know the back harlow road. it ends at the river. i used to go fishing there.''could he have walked all the way from chamberlain to harlow?' i asked. 'that's twenty or thirty miles.''i think so,' chris said, 'if he was following the railway tracks. it's easy to walk on them, and he probably thought they would lead him out of the forest. and then in the dark along comes a train and... bang.''anyway, do you want to go and see. it?' vern asked. he was so excited that he could hardly keep still.'yes,' said chris, throwing his cards on to the table. 'and you know what? i bet we get our pictures in the paper. we'll be famous.''what?' said vern. teddy grinned.'yeah,' chris explained. 'we can find the body and report it.''i don't know,' said vern. 'billy would guess that i heard him and charlie talking, and he'll beat me.''no, he won't,' i said. 'he won't have to worry any more about the stolen car and everything.''but what about our parents?' teddy said. 'if we find the body, they'll know we weren't camping in vern's back field.''we'll just tell them we got bored in the field,' i said, 'and decided to camp in the forest instead. and then everyone will be too excited about us finding the body to beat us.''ok,' teddy said. 'let's all meet here after lunch. what can we tell them about supper?'chris said, 'you and me and gordie can say we're eating at vern's.''and i'll tell my mother i'm eating over at chris's,' vern said.that would work unless there was some emergency or unless any of the parents contacted each other. none of us came from rich families, and neither vern's nor chris's house had a telephone. a lot of people didn't in those days.my dad had retired from work, vern's dad worked at a factory in town. teddy's mum hired out a room in her house when she could find someone to take it. chris's dad was nearly always drunk and didn't have a job.chris didn't talk about his dad much, but we all knew he hated him like poison. his dad beat him often. once, the year before, some milk-money had disappeared from school. chris was accused of taking it. he swore he didn't steal it, but because he was one of those no-good chambers he wasn't allowed back in school for two weeks. his father put him in the hospital that time, with a broken nose and wrist. it's true that he came from a bad family: his eldest brother dave was in prison, and richard (called eyeball because he had a bad eye) went round with ace merrill and the other local hard men.'i think that'll work,' i said. 'what about john and marty?' john and marty despain were two other regular members of our gang.'they're still away,' chris said. 'they won't be back till monday.'we were too excited now to play cards. we all left the clubhouse and went home to get ready.