words mean different things to different people. to me summer is always going to mean running down the road to the florida market with coins jumping in my pocket and the sun flying my brains. the word brings a picture to my mind of railway tracks running off into the distance. there were also favourite songs and films, games to play, grass to cut, sports to play and teams to support.and now i sit here trying to look through an ibm screen and see that time, and i can almost feel the thin, brown boy buried in this 34-year-old body, and i can almost hear the sounds i heard then. but all of that summer is contained in the picture of gordon lachance running down the road to the florida market with the coins in his pocket and the sweat running down his back.after i had bought the food i walked fast back to the dump. i put the bag of food inside my shirt and climbed over the gate. i was halfway through the dump, towards the back where i had left the others, when i saw something i didn't like: milo pressman's car was parked beside his office building. if milo saw me, i was going to be in a world of pain. suddenly the other side of the dump seemed very far away. why hadn't i gone round the outside of the fence? but i was too far into the dump now to want to turn round and go back.i kept putting one foot in front of the other, trying to look calm, trying to look as if i belonged here, with a paper bag down the front of my shirt, walking towards the fence between the dump and the railway tracks.i was about fifty feet from the fence and just beginning to think that everything was going to be all right when i heard milo shout, 'hey, you! get away from that fence! get out of here!'i started running for the fence with a wild shout. vern, teddy and chris appeared on the other side of the fence and stared through it.'you come back here!' milo screamed. 'come back here or i'll send my dog after you!'that only made me run even faster for the fence. teddy started to laugh his crazy laugh - eee-eee-eee.'go, gordie! go!' vern shouted.and milo screamed: 'get him, chopper! go and get him!'i threw the bag over the fence and vern caught it. behind me, i could hear chopper coming, shaking the earth, breathing fire and ice from his nose. i threw myself halfway up the fence with one jump, screaming. i reached the top in about three seconds and simply leapt off, without looking down to see what i might land on. what i almost landed on was teddy, who was bent over with laughter. his glasses had fallen off and tears were streaming from his eyes. i turned round and got my first look at the famous chopper.instead of some enormous creature from hell with red eyes and cruel teeth, i was looking at an ordinary, black and white, middle- sized dog. he was jumping up at the fence and trying to reach us. teddy was walking up and down outside the fence, making chopper even more angry.'kiss my ass, chopper!' teddy invited, and turned round to hit the fence with his ass. chopper went crazy and leapt at the fence to accept teddy's invitation, but teddy moved away and all chopper got was a hurt nose. chris and vern were lying on the bank, laughing so hard they could scarcely move.and here came milo pressman. 'you boys stop being horrible to my dog! stop it this second!''bite it, chopper! bite it! come and get me!' teddy continued from the other side of the fence.chopper went mad. he ran around in a big circle three times - perhaps giving himself courage - and then threw himself with full force at the fence. he was doing maybe thirty miles an hour when he hit the fence. the fence seemed to stretch, and then chopper fell back to the ground in a cloud of dust. he lay there for a moment before walking away with his tongue hanging out of one side of his mouth.milo was now really angry. his face turned dark red.'i know you!' he shouted. 'you're teddy duchamp! i know all of you! i'll beat your ass for being cruel to my dog!''i'd like to see you try!' teddy shouted back. 'let's see you climb over this fence and get me, fat-ass!'what? what did you call me?''fat-ass!' teddy screamed happily. 'you and your stupid dog!''you little madman's son! i'll talk to your mother!''what did you call me?' it was teddy's turn now. he had stopped jumping up and down and was looking at milo strangely.milo realized that he had found the right button and he pushed hard down on it. 'your dad is crazy,' he said, grinning. 'mad and up in togus, that's what. crazier than a rat in a pile of garbage. crazy. it's not surprising you're behaving the way you are, with a madman for a father.'teddy and milo were nose to nose at the fence now. vern and chris had almost stopped laughing and begun to see the seriousness of the situation.'don't you say anything else about my dad. my dad was on the beaches at normandy, you fat pussy.''yes, but where is he now, you ugly little four-eyed lump of puke. up in togus, isn't he?''ok, that's enough,' said teddy. 'now i'm going to kill you.' he started to climb the fence.'come on and try, you dirty little rat.' milo stepped back and stood there, waiting and grinning.'no!' i shouted. i got to my feet, grabbed teddy by his jeans and pulled him off the fence.'let me go!' teddy shouted. 'let me get him!''no, that's just what he wants,' i shouted in his ear. 'he wants to get you over there and beat you and take you to the police.''what?' teddy turned his head round to look at me.'you think you're so clever,' milo said, approaching the fence again with his hands curled. 'why don't you let him fight his own battles?''sure,' i said. 'a grown man against a boy!''i know you' milo said. 'your name's lachance. and those guys are chris chambers and one of those stupid tessio boys. i'm going to talk to your fathers.' he stood and waited for us to cry and say we were sorry or something.chris made an o with his thumb and finger and pushed his tongue through it.vern looked up at the sky.teddy said, 'come on, gordie. let's go before this guy makes me puke.''i'll get you, you dirty-mouthed little rat. wait till i get you to the police.''we heard what you said about his father,' i told him. 'we're all witnesses. and you sent your dog after me. that's against the law.' milo looked uncertain. before he could see how weak my argument was, i said, 'come on, you guys. let's go. something smells bad around here.''i can't wait to tell the police how you called a war hero a madman,' chris called back over his shoulder as we left. 'what did you do in the war, mr pressman?''that's none of your business,' milo shouted back. 'you hurt my dog! come back here!' but his voice was lower now and he seemed to be losing interest.i looked back when we reached the top of the bank. milo was standing there behind the fence, a big man with a dog sitting beside him. his fingers were holding the fence and i suddenly felt sorry for him. he looked exactly like a schoolboy locked in the school playground by mistake, calling for someone to let him out.