tom had no plan to try to run away from anything. he just wanted to get out of rome. he was desperate to get out! he threw the last objects into his suitcase and slammed the lid down and locked it.the phone again! tom picked it up quickly. "hello?""oh, dickie - !"it was marge and she was downstairs, he could tell from the sound. surprised, he said in tom's voice," who's this?""is this tom?""marge! well, hello. where are you?""i'm downstairs. is dickie there? can i come up?""you can come up in about five minutes," tom said with a laugh."is dickie there? ""not at the moment. he went out about a half an hour ago, but he'll be back soon. i know where he is, if you want to find him.""where?""at the eighty-third police station. no, excuse me, it's the eighty-seventh.""is he in any trouble? ""no, just answering questions. he was supposed to be there at ten. want me to give you the address?" he wished he hadn't started talking in tom's voice: why hadn't he pretended to be a servant, some friend of dickie's, anybody, and told her that dickie was out for hours?marge wasn't happy. "no - o. i'll wait for him.""here it is!" tom said, pretending to find the address. "twenty-one via perugia. do you know where that is?" tom didn't, but he was going to send her in the opposite direction from the american express, where he wanted to go for his mail before he left town."i don't want to go," marge said." i'll come up and wait with you if it's all right.""well, it's -" he laughed the laugh that marge knew so well. "the thing is, i'm expecting somebody any minute. it's a business interview. about a job. believe it or not, old ripley's trying to put himself to work.""oh," said marge, not in the least interested. "well, how is dickie? why does he have to talk to the police?""oh! just because he had some drinks with freddie that day. you saw the papers, didn't you? ""how long has dickie been living here?""here? oh, just overnight. i've been up north. when i heard about freddie, i came down to rome to see him. if it hadn't been for the police, i'd never have found him! i'm awfully glad you're in town, marge. dickie'll be so happy to see you. he's been worried about what you might think of all this in the papers.""oh, has he?" marge said, surprised, but obviously pleased."why don't you wait for me in angelo's? it's that bar right down the street in front of the hotel as you go toward the piazza di spagna steps. i'll see if i can come out and have a drink or a coffee with you in about five minutes, ok?""oh, all right. angelo's?""you can't miss it. on the street straight in front of the hotel. bye-bye."tom quickly called for his bill to be prepared and for somebody to carry his luggage, and then he walked downstairs.he wanted to see if marge was still in the hotel, waiting there for him, or possibly still there making another telephone call.she wasn't there. tom paid his bill. "if anybody asks for me, would you say that i've left the city?" tom asked the man at the desk.tom went out to his waiting taxi. "would you take me to the american express, please?" he asked the driver.***the boat approached palermo harbor slowly. he had spent two days in naples, and there had been nothing of any interest in the papers and the police had made no attempt to contact him. but maybe they had just not bothered to look for him in naples, he thought, and were waiting for him in palermo at the hotel. but there were no police on the dock and no police in the hotel either. tom felt so happy that he went over to the mail counter and asked boldly if there was any message for mr. richard greenleaf. the clerk told him there wasn't.then he began to relax. there wasn't even a message from marge. maybe marge had given dickie up after this situation. maybe she'd realized that dickie was running away from her.he dressed, put on one of his new traveling suits, and walked out into the palermo early evening. there across the square was the great cathedral he had read about in a guidebook. tomorrow he would begin his visit, but this moment was wonderful, he thought, as he stopped to stare at the tall cathedral in front of him. wonderful to look at the dusty walls and to think of going inside tomorrow, to imagine its smell, made up of hundreds and hundreds of years.beyond sicily came greece. he definitely wanted to see greece. he wanted to see greece as dickie greenleaf, with dickie's money, dickie's clothes, dickie's way of behaving with strangers. but would it happen that he couldn't see greece as dickie greenleaf? would one thing after another happen to stop him - murder, the police, people? he hadn't wanted to murder, it had been necessary. the idea of going to greece, walking over the acropolis as tom ripley, american tourist, held no charm for him at all. he would rather not go. tears came in his eyes as he stared up at the cathedral, and then he turned away.there was a fat letter from marge the next morning. tom squeezed it between his fingers and smiled. he was sure he knew what it said because it was so fat. he read it at breakfast. he enjoyed every line of it with his breakfast. it was all he had hoped for and more....if you really didn't know that i had come by your hotel, that only means that tom didn't tell you, which gives me my answer. it's pretty obvious now that you're running out and can't face me. why don't you admit that you can't live without your little friend? i'm only sorry, old boy, that you didn't have the courage to tell me this before and directly. what do you think i am, a small-town fool who doesn't know about such things?success number two of my roman holiday is informing the police that tom ripley is with you. they seemed in a desperate hurry to find him. (i wonder why? what's he done now?) i also informed the police in my best italian that you and tom are always together and that i could not imagine how they found you and missed tom.i'll be leaving for the states around the end of march. i'm not angry, dickie boy i just thought you had more courage.thanks for all the wonderful memories. they're like something in a museum already. best wishes for the future,margefive days passed, calm, lonely but very pleasant days in which he wandered around palermo, stopping here and there for an hour or two in a cafe or a restaurant and reading his travel books and the newspaper. he visited a palace, the palermo library, with its paintings and papers in glass cases. he wrote letters to people in new york.but he was lonely. he had imagined himself making a bright new group of friends with whom he would start a new life with new attitudes, standards, and habits that would be much better and clearer than the ones he had had all his life. now he realized that it couldn't be. he would have to keep a distance from people, always. he was alone, and it was a lonely game he was playing. the friends he might make were most of the danger, of course. if he had to wander around the world alone, well, there was much less chance that he would be found out. that was one cheerful side of it, anyway, and he felt better after he had thought of it.he changed his behavior slightly, to suit the role of an observer of life. he was still polite and smiling to everyone, to people who wanted to borrow his newspaper in restaurants and to workers he spoke to in the hotel, but he carried his head even higher and he spoke a little less when he spoke. there was a sadness about him now. he enjoyed the change. he imagined that he looked like a young man who had had an unhappy love affair or emotional disaster, and was trying to recover by visiting some of the more beautiful places on the earth."hello! how are you?" he greeted the man behind the hotel desk with a smile."a letter for you, sir. very urgent," the man said, smiling, too.it was from dickie's bank in naples. inside the envelope was another envelope from dickie's bank in new york. tom read the letter from the naples bank first.february 10dear sir:it has been brought to our attention by the wendell trust company of new york, that there exists a doubt whether your signature on your check of five hundred dollars of last january is your own. we are informing you as quickly as possible so that we can take the necessary action.we have already decided that it is best to inform the police, but we shall wait for your reply. any information you may be able to give us will be most appreciated, and we beg you to communicate with us as soon as possible.most respectfully,emilio di braganzi secretary general,the bank of naplesp.s. if the signature is in fact yours, we ask you to visit our office in naples as soon as possible to sign your name again for our permanent records.tom tore open the letter from the new york bank.february 5dear mr. greenleaf:our department of signatures has reported to us that in its opinion your signature of january on your regular monthly check, no. 8747, is not yours. we inform you so that you may let us know if you signed the check or inform us that the check has been stolen. we have brought this to the attention of the bank of naples also.we are sending you a card for our permanent signature file which we request you to sign and return to us. please let us hear from you as soon as possible.sincerely, edward t. cavanach secretarytom wet his lips. he would write to both banks that he was not missing any money at all. but would that stop them for long? he had signed three checks, beginning in december. were they going to go back and check on all his signatures now? would somebody be able to tell that all three signatures were not dickie's?tom went upstairs and immediately sat down at the typewriter. most false signatures took months to be discovered, he thought. why had they noticed this one in four weeks? wasn't it because they were checking on him in every department of his life, since the freddie miles murder and the san remo boat story? they wanted to see him personally in the naples bank. maybe some of the men there knew dickie by sight. a terrible fear ran over his shoulders and down his legs. for a moment he felt weak, too weak to move. he saw himself surrounded by a dozen policemen, italian and american. they were asking him where dickie greenleaf was, and he was unable to produce dickie greenleaf or tell them where he was, or prove that he existed. he imagined himself trying to sign "h. richard greenleaf" under the eyes of a dozen witnesses, and falling apart suddenly and not being able to write at all.february 12dear sirs:in reply to your letter concerning my january check:i signed the check myself and received all of the money. if i had missed the check, i would of course have informed you at once.i am returning the card with my signature for your permanent record as you requested.sincerely, h. richard greenleafhe signed dickie's signature several times on the back of the bank's envelope before he signed his letter and then the card.then he wrote a similar letter to the naples bank, and promised to go to the bank within the next few days and sign his name again for their permanent record. he marked both envelopes "urgent," and then mailed them.