83 police station rome february 14dear mr. greenleaf:you are urgently requested to come to rome to answer some important questions concerning thomas ripley. your presence would be most appreciated and would greatly speed up our work.failure to come to us within a week will cause us to take certain steps which will be annoying for us and for you.most respectfully yours captain enrico farraraso they were still looking for tom. but maybe it meant that something had happened on the miles case, too, tom thought. the italians didn't call in an american using words like these. in the last paragraph they were actually threatening him. and, of course, they knew about the signature on the check by now.he stood with the letter in his hand, looking around the room. he saw himself in the mirror; the corners of his mouth were turned down, his eyes were anxious and scared, and because the way he looked was the way he felt, he suddenly became twice as frightened. he folded the letter and pocketed it, then took it out of his pocket and tore it into pieces.he began to pack rapidly. this was the end of dickie greenleaf, he knew. he hated becoming thomas ripley again, hated being nobody, hated putting on his old set of habits again. now people would look down on him and be bored with him unless he put on an act for them. tom ripley always felt stupid and unable to do anything with himself except entertain people for minutes at a time. he hated going back to himself as he would hate putting on a dirty old suit of clothes, a suit of clothes that had not been very good even when it was new. his tears fell on dickie's blue and white shirt that lay on top in the suitcase. it had dickie's initials on it. he began to count up the things of dickie's that he could still keep because they had no initials, or because no one would remember that they were dickie's and not his own.tom paid his bill at the hotel, but he had to wait until the next day for a boat away from the island. he reserved the boat ticket in the name of greenleaf, thinking that this was the last time he would ever reserve a ticket in the name of greenleaf, but that maybe it wouldn't be, either. he couldn't give up the idea that the problem might go away. just might. and for that reason it was senseless to give up hope. there was no point in being desperate, anyway, even as tom ripley. tom ripley had never really been desperate, though he had often looked it. hadn't he learned something from these last months? if you wanted to be cheerful or sad, or hopeful, or thoughtful, or polite, you simply had to act those things.a very cheerful thought came to him when he awoke on the last morning in palermo: he could leave all dickie's clothes at the american express in venice under a different name and pick them up at some future time, if he wanted to or had to, or else never pick them up at all. it made him feel much better to know that dickie's good shirts, his identification bracelet, and his wrist- watch would be safely stored somewhere, instead of lying at the bottom of the ocean or in a trashcan in sicily.so, after removing the initials from dickie's two suitcases, he sent them, locked, from naples to the american express company in venice, together with two paintings he had begun in palermo. he sent them in the name of robert s. fanshaw, to be stored until they were collected.***tom took a train from naples up through rome, florence, bologna, and verona, where he got out and went by bus to the town of trento about sixty kilometers away. he didn't want to buy a car in a town as big as verona, because the police might notice his name when he obtained his license plates, he thought. in trento, he bought a used car for about eight hundred dollars. he bought it in the name of thomas ripley, as his passport read, and took a hotel room in that name to wait the twenty-four hours until his license plates would be ready. by noon the next day he had his plates on his car and nothing had happened. there was nothing in the papers about the search for thomas ripley. it made him feel rather strange, rather safe and happy; perhaps the whole situation was unreal. he began to feel happy even in his boring role as thomas ripley. he took a pleasure in it, almost overdoing the old tom ripley shyness with strangers. would anyone, anyone, believe that such a person had ever committed a murder? and the only murder he could possibly be suspected of was dickie's in san remo, and the police didn't seem to be getting very far on that. life as tom ripley had one positive, at least: it freed his mind of guilt for the stupid, unnecessary murder of freddie miles.the next night he spent in venice. he found venice much bigger than he had imagined. he found he could walk across the whole city by the narrow streets and bridges without setting foot in a boat. he chose a hotel very near the rialto bridge called the costanza, a hotel which was neither famous nor a cheap one on the back streets. it was clean, inexpensive, and convenient to places of interest. it was just the hotel for tom ripley.as he spent a couple of hours in his room, tom imagined the conversation he was going to have with the police before long... well, i haven't any idea. i saw him in rome. if you've any doubt of that, you can ask miss marjorie sherwood... of course i'm tom ripley! (he would give a laugh.) i can't understand what all the problem is about!... san remo? yes, i remember. we brought the boat back after an hour... yes, i came back to rome after mongibello, but i didn't stay more than a couple of nights. i've been wandering around the north of italy... i'm afraid i haven't any idea where he is, but i saw him about three weeks ago...tom got up from his chair smiling, changed his shirt and tie for the evening, and went out to find a pleasant restaurant for dinner. a good restaurant, he thought. tom ripley could order something expensive for once. his pocket was so full of money that it wouldn't bend. he had cashed a thousand dollars' worth of travelers' checks in dickie's name before he left palermo.tom entered a small, lighted street. it was full of restaurants, and he chose a very large and respectable-looking place with white tablecloths and brown wooden walls, the kind of restaurants which experience had taught him by now concentrated on food and not appearance. he took a table and opened one of the newspapers.and there it was, a short article on the second page:police search for missing american dickie greenleaf, friend of the murdered freddie miles, missing after sicilian holidaythe article stated that h. richard (dickie) greenleaf, a close friend of frederick miles, the american murdered three weeks ago in rome, had disappeared after taking a boat from palermo to naples. both the sicilian and roman police had been informed and were looking for him. a final paragraph said that greenleaf had just been requested by the rome police to answer questions concerning the disappearance of thomas ripley, also a close friend of greenleaf. ripley had been missing for about three months, the paper said.the next morning there was a long story in another newspaper, saying in only one small paragraph that thomas ripley was missing, but stating very boldly that richard greenleaf's absence was "making the police suspect his guilt," and that he should go immediately to the police to discuss the situation. the paper also mentioned the forged checks.on his walk around the city the next morning, he decided that he had to identify himself, immediately. it would look worse for him, whatever happened, the longer he waited. when he left the cathedral, he inquired of a policeman where the nearest police station was. he asked it sadly. he felt sad. he wasn't afraid, but he felt that identifying himself as thomas phelps ripley was going to be one of the saddest things he had ever done in his life."you are thomas ripley?" the captain of police asked, with no more interest than if tom had been a dog that had been lost and was now found. "may i see your passport?"tom handed it to him. "i don't know what the trouble is, but when i saw in the papers that i am believed to be missing - " it was all sad and boring, just as he had expected. "what happens now?" tom asked the officer."i shall telephone to rome," the officer answered calmly, and picked up the telephone on his desk.there was a few minutes' wait for the rome line, and then the officer announced to someone in rome that the american, thomas ripley, was in venice. then the officer said to tom, "they would like to see you in rome. can you go to rome today?"tom frowned. "i wasn't planning to go to rome.""i shall tell them," the officer said, and spoke into the telephone again.now he was arranging for the rome police to come to him. there were still some advantages to being an american citizen, tom supposed.tom spent the rest of the day in his room, quietly thinking, reading, and making small changes to his appearance. he thought it quite possible that they would send the same man who had spoken to him in rome.at eight-thirty that evening his telephone rang, and the man from the hotel desk announced that lieutenant roverini was downstairs."would you have him come up, please?" tom said.tom opened the door in a lazy way. "good evening.""good evening. lieutenant roverini from the roman police." behind him came another tall, silent young police officer - not another, tom realized suddenly, but the one who had been with the lieutenant when tom had first met roverini in the apartment in rome."you are a friend of mr. richard greenleaf?" the lieutenant asked, obviously not recognizing him."yes.""when did you last see him and where?""i saw him for a short time in rome, just before he went to sicily.""and did you hear from him when he was in sicily?"the lieutenant was writing it all down in the notebook that he had taken from his brown case."no, i didn't hear from him.""you did not know when you were in rome that the police wanted to see you?""no, i did not know that. i cannot understand why people think i am missing.""mr. greenleaf did not tell you in rome that the police wanted to speak to you?""no.""mr. ripley, where have you been since the end of november?""i have been traveling. i have been mostly in the north of italy." tom made a mistake here and there, and his italian sounded quite different from dickie's."where?""milan, torino, faenza.""we have searched the hotels in milan and faenza. did you stay all the time with friends? ""no, i - slept quite often in my car." it was obvious he didn't have much money, tom thought."may i see your passport?"tom pulled it out of his inside jacket pocket. the lieutenant studied the picture closely, while tom waited with the slightly anxious look, the firmly open lips, of the passport photograph. the lieutenant looked quickly at the few marks that only partly filled the first two pages of the passport."you have been in italy since october 2?""yes."the lieutenant smiled, a pleasant italian smile now, and leaned forward. "well, that settles one important matter - the mystery of the san remo boat."tom frowned. "what is that?""a boat was found sunk there with some stains that were believed to be blood. naturally, when you were missing, or we thought you were missing, immediately after san remo - we thought it might be a good idea to ask mr. greenleaf what had happened to you. we did that. the boat was missed the same day that you two were in san remo."tom pretended not to see the joke."did you also know frederick miles?" the lieutenant asked."no, i only met him once when he was getting off the bus in mongibello. i never saw him again.""ah-hah." the lieutenant was silent."i have read in a newspaper that the police may believe that mr. greenleaf is guilty of the murder of freddie miles if he does not speak to them. is it true that they think he is guilty?""ah, no, no, no!" the lieutenant protested. "but it is important that he comes forward! why is he hiding himself? you have absolutely no idea where mr. greenleaf might be at this moment?""no, absolutely no.""mr. greenleaf and mr. miles didn't have an argument that you know of? ""i don't know, but - ""what about the girl, marjorie sherwood?""i suppose it is possible," tom said, "but i do not think so."tom waited, silent. the lieutenant was waiting for him to say something more. tom felt quite comfortable now. he felt suddenly innocent and strong."do you think they had an argument, mr. miles and mr. greenleaf, about miss sherwood?""i cannot say. it is possible. i know that mr. miles was very fond of her, too."his story painted a picture of dickie as an unhappy lover, tom thought, not willing to let marge go to cortina to have some fun, because she liked freddie miles too much."do you think dickie is running away from something, or do you think it is an accident that you cannot find him?""oh, no. this is too much. first, the matter of the checks. he denied the false signatures, but when the bank wishes to see him and also the police in rome wish to see him about the murder of his friend, and he suddenly disappears -"the lieutenant threw out his hands. "that can only mean that he is running away from us." the lieutenant stood up. "well, thank you so much for your help, mr. ripley. i hope we can find you more easily the next time we have questions to ask you.""if you like i shall keep in touch with you in rome so you will always know where i am. i am as much interested as you in finding my friend."the lieutenant handed him a card with his name and the address of his station in rome. "thank you, mr. ripley. good day." the younger policeman waved to him as he went out, and tom said goodbye and quietly closed the door.he felt like flying - like a bird, out of the window, with spread arms! the fools! all around the thing and never guessing it! never guessing that dickie was running from the signature questions because he wasn't dickie greenleaf at all!tonight he was going to have a wonderful dinner. and look out at the moonlight on the water. he was suddenly very hungry. he was going to have something delicious and expensive to eat.he had a bright idea while he was changing his clothes: he ought to have an envelope hidden in his suitcase, with a note on it saying that it should not be opened for several months. inside it should be a will signed by dickie, leaving tom his money and his income. that was an idea!