tom left mongibello by taxi around six o'clock, after a cup of coffee at giorgio's, where he said goodbye to his and dickie's village friends. to all of them he told the same story, that mr. greenleaf was staying in rome for the winter, and that he sent his greetings until he saw them again.on the train, tom wrote a letter to marge. as soon as he arrived at the hotel in rome, he typed it on dickie's typewriter.romenovember 28dear marge,i've decided to take an apartment in rome for the winter, just to have a change of scene and get away from old mongy. i feel a need to be by myself. i'm sorry it was so sudden and that i didn't get a chance to say goodbye, but actually i'm not far away, and i hope i'll see you now and then. i just didn't feel like going to pack my stuff, so i gave the job to tom.you had the wrong idea about tom. he's going back to the states soon. he's really not a bad guy and i don't dislike him. he has nothing to do with us anyway, and i hope you realize that.write me at the american express, rome, until i know where i am. i'm terribly sorry about christmas, darling, but i don't think i should see you so soon, and you can hate me or not for that.all my love, dickietom had kept his hat on when he entered the hotel, and he gave dickie's passport in at the desk instead of his own. he also signed in with dickie's signature. he spent that evening practicing dickies signature for the bank checks. dickie's monthly income was going to arrive from america in less than ten days.tom moved the next day to the hotel europa near the via veneto. he held imaginary conversations with marge and freddie in his hotel room. he spoke to her as dickie in case she called. he had done so little to change his appearance, but even his expression, tom thought, was like dickie's now. he wore a smile that was dangerously welcoming to a stranger, a smile perfect to greet an old friend or a lover. it was dickie's best and most typical smile when he was in a good mood.on january 4 there was a letter from marge. she was giving up her house on march 1, she said. she wrote:when am i going to see you? i hate missing a summer in europe after i've lived through another awful winter, but i think i'll go home in early march. darling, it would be so wonderful if we could go home on the same boat together.is there a possibility? i don't suppose there is. you're not going back to the us even for a short visit this winter?as ever, margeon january 10, tom wrote back to marge:i'm painting with a man called di massimo and am quite pleased with the results. i miss you, too, but if you can still live with my plan, i'd prefer not to see you for several more weeks. hello to giorgio and his wife...it was a letter like all of dickie's letters, a letter that couldn't be called warm or cold, and said almost nothing.tom was receiving dickie's checks now, so he had enough money to live as he wanted. he had found an apartment in a large apartment house in the via imperiale, near the pincian gate. he had signed a contract to stay a year, though he didn't plan to spend most of his time in rome, especially the winter. he only wanted a home, after years of not having one. and rome was exciting. rome was part of his new life. he wanted to be able to say in majorca or athens or cairo or wherever he was:"yes, i live in rome, i keep an apartment.""keep" was the way the international upper classes referred to their apartments. the apartment had a large living room, a bedroom, a kind of sitting room, kitchen, and bath. it suited the respectable neighborhood and the respectable life he wanted to lead.tom carefully avoided the americans in rome who might expect him to come to their parties and ask them to his, though he loved to chat with americans and italians in the cafe greco and in the students' restaurants in the via margutta. he told his name only to an italian painter named carlino, whom he met in a via margutta bar; told him also that he painted and was studying with a painter called di massimo. if the police ever asked, this man could now tell them that dickie greenleaf had been painting in rome in january.he had a ticket for majorca - by train to naples, then the boat from naples to palma over the night of january 31 and february 1. he had bought two new suitcases from guccis, the best leather products store in rome.while tom was packing his suitcases one morning, his doorbell rang. he supposed it was a salesperson, or a mistake. he had no name on his doorbell downstairs because he didn't like people to visit him. it rang for the second time, and tom still ignored it, and went on with his lazy packing. he loved to pack, and he took a long time about it, a whole day or two days, laying dickie's clothes carefully into suitcases, now and then trying on a good-looking shirt or a jacket in front of the mirror. he was standing in front of the mirror with one of dickie's shirts, when there was a knock at his door.it might be someone from mongibello - someone who had found his address and wanted to surprise him. that was silly, he told himself. but his hands were cool with sweat as he went to the door. he felt faint, and was afraid he would fall down. he opened the door with both hands, though only a few centimeters."hello!" the american voice said out of the darkness of the hall. "dickie? it's freddie."tom took a step back, holding the door open. "he's - won't you come in? he's not here right now. he should be back a little later."freddie miles came in, looking around. his fat, ugly face turned in every direction. how had he found the place, tom wondered. tom took his rings off quickly and pocketed them. and what else? he, too, looked around the room."you're staying with him?" freddie asked, with that strange stare that made his face look stupid and rather scared."oh, no. i'm just staying here for a few hours," tom said, calmly removing dickie's shirt. he had another shirt on under it. "dickies gone for lunch. otello's, i think he said. he should be back around three at the latest." one of the apartment owners had probably let freddie in, tom thought, and told him which bell to press, and told him mr. greenleaf was in, too. freddie had probably said he was an old friend of dickie's. now he would have to get freddie out of the house without seeing signora buffi downstairs, because she always called out, "hello, mr. greenleaf.""i met you in mongibello, didn't i?" freddie asked. "aren't you tom? i thought you were coming to cortina.""i couldn't go, thanks. how was the trip?""oh, fine. what happened to dickie?""didn't he write to you? he decided to spend the winter in rome. he told me he'd written to you.""not a word. marge told me he'd moved to rome, but she didn't have the address except the american express office. it was only by luck that i met somebody at a restaurant last night who knew where he lived."freddie had walked toward the bedroom and stopped, looking at the suitcases on the bed. "is dickie leaving for somewhere, or did he just get here?" he asked, turning."he's leaving. didn't marge tell you? he's going to sicily.""when?""tomorrow. or late tonight. i'm not quite sure.""so what's the matter with dickie lately?" freddie asked, frowning. "what's the idea of hiding from everybody?""he says he's been working pretty hard this winter," tom said."he seems to want privacy, but as far as i know he's still friendly with everybody, including marge."tom turned around and saw freddie staring at the silver identification bracelet on his left wrist. it was dickie's bracelet, which tom had never seen him wearing, but had found with dickie's clothes. freddie had clearly seen it before. tom put on his coat slowly and calmly.freddie was looking at him now with a different expression, with a little surprise. tom knew what freddie was thinking. he sensed danger."ready to go?" tom asked."you live here, don't you?""no!" tom protested, smiling. the fat, ugly face stared at him from under the bright red hair. if they could get out without seeing signora buffi downstairs, tom thought he would be safe."let's go.""i see you're wearing dickie's jewelry."tom couldn't think of a single thing to say, a single joke to make. "oh, just for a day or two," he said in his deepest voice. "dickie got tired of wearing it, so he told me to wear it." he meant the identification bracelet, but there was also the silver pin on his tie, with the g on it. tom had bought the pin himself. he could feel the anger growing in freddie miles. tom was afraid of his eyes."yes, i'm ready to go," freddie said seriously, getting up."i've just remembered i have to make a telephone call," tom said. "i'll meet you there."freddie walked to the door and turned with a swing of his broad shoulders. "that's the otello not far from the inghilterra?""yes," tom said. "he's supposed to be there by one o'clock."freddie nodded. "nice to see you again," he said in an unfriendly manner, and closed the door.tom whispered a curse. he opened the door slightly and listened to the sound of freddie's shoes going down the stairs. he wanted to make sure freddie left without speaking to one of the buffis again. then he heard freddie's "hello, ma'am."freddie was talking with signora buffi. the woman's voice came more clearly."... only mr. greenleaf," she was saying. "no, only one... mr. who?... no, sir... i do not think he has gone out today at all, but i could be wrong!" she laughed.tom twisted his hands, imagining that they were around freddie's neck. then he heard freddie's footsteps running up the stairs. tom stepped back into the apartment and closed the door. he could go on saying that he didn't live here, that dickie was at otello's, or that he didn't know where dickie was, but freddie wouldn't stop now until he found dickie. or freddie would drag him downstairs and ask signora buffi who he was.freddie knocked on the door. the handle turned. it was locked. tom picked up a heavy glass ashtray. he couldn't get his hand around it, and he had to hold it by the edge. he tried to think just for two seconds more: wasn't there another solution? what would he do with the body? he couldn't think. this was the only way. he opened the door with his left hand. his right hand, with the glass ashtray, was pulled back and down.freddie came into the room. "listen, would you mind telling..."the hard edge of the ashtray hit the middle of his head. freddie looked shocked. then his knees bent and he went down like a bull hit between the eyes with a hammer, tom kicked the door shut. he slammed the edge of the ashtray into the back of freddie's neck. he hit the neck again and again, scared that freddie might be only pretending and that one of his great arms might suddenly grab his legs and pull him down. then he felt freddie's wrist for a pulse. there was a faint one, though it seemed to stop as he touched. in the next second it was gone.he searched freddie's pockets. a wallet. the american passport in the inside pocket of the overcoat. mixed italian and some other kind of coins. two car keys on a ring that said fiat. he searched the wallet for a license. there it was, with all the details. he went to the front window, then nearly smiled because it was so simple: there stood the black car across the street, almost directly in front of the house. he could not be sure, but he thought there was no one in it.he suddenly knew what he was going to do. he set freddie up against the wall, and poured some strong alcohol from a bottle down his throat. he had hours of time, but he didn't stop until the room was ready, the two dozen smoked cigarettes and a glass of alcohol broken and only half-cleaned up from the bathroom floor. the curious thing was that he knew he would have the whole apartment cleaned up by eight o'clock. according to the story he was going to tell, freddie would leave his house by seven, and dickie greenleaf was a fairly neat young man, even with a few drinks in him. tom was dirtying the house only so that he would believe the story he was going to tell.at ten to eight, tom dragged freddie's dead body out of the apartment and began to walk down the stairs. on the way down he stopped, hearing someone come out of an apartment on the second floor. he waited for a moment and then continued. he didn't want to rest going down the stairs. fortunately nobody else came out of any of the apartments or in the front door.the street looked normal. if anyone came over, tom thought, he would blow such a breath of alcohol in his face that there wouldn't be any reason to ask what was the matter. he paused a moment for a car to pass and then took a few heavy steps to freddie's car. he pushed freddie's head and one shoulder through the open window of the car while he breathed deeply."can i help you?" a voice asked in italian."ah, no, no, thanks," tom replied with drunken happiness. " i know where he lives," he said in english.the man nodded, smiling a little, too, and walked on.tom swung freddie out on the door, pulled him around the door and onto the car seat, came around the car, and pulled freddie into the seat beside the drivers seat. he put freddie's key in and the car started quickly. they were off. down the hill to the via veneto, past the american library, over to the piazza venezia, through the forum, past the colosseum, a grand tour of rome that freddie could not appreciate.tom began to look around for the right spot. there was a place ahead with three or four trees near the edge of the road and surely a tomb behind them. tom pulled off the road by the trees and shut off his lights. he waited a moment, watching both ends of the straight, empty road.freddie's body was still soft. tom dragged him roughly now through the dirt and stopped behind the last tree, behind what remained of a tomb, which was probably only a meter high, he thought, and quite good enough for this pig. tom cursed his ugly weight and kicked him suddenly in the chin. then he walked back to his car on his exhausted, weak legs and turned the car around toward rome again. he was tired, tired to the point of crying, and sick of the sight of freddie miles.