venice june 3dear mr. greenleaf:while packing a suitcase today, i found an envelope that richard gave me in rome, and which for some reason i had forgotten until now. on the envelope is written, "not to be opened until june" and, as it happens, it is june. the envelope contains richard's will, and he leaves his income and everything else to me. i am shocked by this, as you probably are, but he seemed to know what he was writing.i am only very sorry i did not remember having the envelope. if i had, it would have proven much earlier that dickie planned to kill himself. i put it into a suitcase pocket, and then i forgot it. he gave it to me on the last occasion i saw him, in rome, when he was so depressed.on second thoughts, i am sending a copy of the will so that you may see it for yourself. this is the first will i have ever seen in my life, and i don't know what happens. what should i do?please give my kindest hello to mrs. greenleaf and realize that i feel deeply for you both, and regret the need to write this letter. please let me hear from you as soon as possible. my next address will be: c/o american express, athens, greece.most sincerely yours, tom ripleyin a way it was asking for trouble, tom thought. it might make people think again about the signatures, on the will and on the checks. but that was the mood he was in. he had bought his ticket for greece in the middle of may, and the days had grown finer and finer, making him more and more anxious. he had only two thousand dollars in his own name, moved from dickie's bank and saved out of dickie's income.the risk of trying to get all of dickie's money, the danger of it, was exciting to him. he was so bored after the quiet weeks in venice when each day that went by seemed to remind him of the dullness of his life. roverini had stopped writing to him. alvin mccarron had gone back to america, and tom supposed that he and mr. greenleaf had decided that further search was useless.tom had decided in venice to make his journey to greece a heroic one. he would see the islands, swimming for the first time into his view, as a living, breathing, brave individual - not as a frightened little nobody from boston. if he sailed right into the arms of the police in greece, at least he would first experience standing in the wind at the front of a ship, crossing the dark sea like an ancient hero.so he had written the letter to mr. greenleaf and mailed it three days before sailing from venice. mr. greenleaf would probably not get the letter for four or five days, so there would be no time for mr. greenleaf to hold him in venice with a message and make him miss his ship. besides, it looked better if he was calm about the matter, unable to receive messages for another week or two until he got to greece. it was better to pretend he didn't care whether he got the money or not; he hadn't let the fact of the will delay even a little a trip he had planned to make.two days before he sailed, he went to tea at the house of a woman he had met the day he had started looking for a house in venice. the woman, titi, greeted him: "ah, hello, thomas! have you seen the afternoon paper? they have found dickie's suitcases and his paintings! right here in the american express in venice!" her gold earrings shook with excitement."what?" tom hadn't seen the papers. he had been too busy packing that afternoon."read it! here! all his clothes, left there only in february! they were sent from naples. perhaps he is here in venice!"tom was reading it. the string around the paintings had fallen off, the paper said, and while wrapping them again a worker had discovered the signature of r. greenleaf on the paintings. tom's hands began to shake, and he had to hold the sides of the paper to calm himself. the paper said that the police were now examining everything carefully for fingerprints."perhaps he is alive!" titi shouted."i don't think - i don't see why this proves he is alive. perhaps somebody killed him or he killed himself after he sent the suitcases. the fact that the paintings are under another name - fanshaw - "he had the feeling that his friend, who was sitting on the sofa staring at him, was surprised by his nervousness, so he calmed himself down quickly and said, "you see? they're looking through everything for clues. they wouldn't be doing that if they were sure dickie had sent the suitcases himself. why should he leave them in the name of fanshaw, if he expected to pick them up again himself? his passport's even here, it says. he packed his passport.""perhaps he is hiding himself under the name of fanshaw! oh, my dear, you need some tea! ""it says here that the suitcases contained everything - razor, toothbrush, shoes, overcoat," tom said, hiding his terror in sadness. "he couldn't be alive and leave all that. the murderer probably took everything from his body and left his clothes there because it was the easiest way of getting rid of them.""will you not be so sad until you know what the fingerprints are? you are supposed to go on a pleasure trip tomorrow."the day after tomorrow, tom thought. plenty of time for roverini to get his fingerprints and compare them with the prints on the paintings and in the suitcases.he tried to turn his thoughts to greece. he saw handsome buildings and blue skies. he didn't want to go to greece with the worry about the fingerprints in venice hanging over him. tom put his face in his hands and cried. greece was finished, exploded like a golden ball.the worst of all was that roverini, whose messages had been so friendly until now, sent him no information at all about the discovery of the suitcases. tom didn't sleep that night and then spent a day walking around his house while he tried to finish the endless little duties before leaving for greece. he expected the police to come knocking at his door at any time of the day or night.***by the time he got onto the ship for greece, tom felt like a walking ghost. he was sleepless, foodless, full of coffee, carried along only by his nerves. he remembered last night lying face down on his bed with one arm twisted beneath him, and being too tired to change his position. when he awoke, he felt better except that the arm he had been lying on hung uselessly at his side.an angry courage rose in him. what would happen if the radioman was receiving at this minute a message to arrest tom ripley? he would stand up just as bravely as he was standing now. or he might throw himself into the sea. he wasn't afraid. this was it. this was the way he had hoped he would feel, sailing to greece. to look out at the black water all around him and not be afraid was almost as good as seeing the islands of greece coming into view.he considered that he had been lucky beyond reason in escaping arrest for two murders, lucky from the time he had taken dickie's identity until now. the first part of his life had been completely unfair, he thought, but the period with dickie and afterwards was like a wonderful dream. but something was going to happen now in greece, he felt, and it couldn't be good. his luck had held for too long.the only thing he regretted was that he had not seen all the world yet. he wanted to see australia. and india. he wanted to see japan. then there was south america. just to look at the art of those countries would be a pleasant, rewarding life's work, he thought. he had learned a lot about painting, even while trying to copy dickie's bad paintings. at the art museums in rome, he had discovered an interest in paintings that he had never realized before, or perhaps that had not been in him before.when the boat approached greece, tom was standing looking at the land. it wasn't a dream ahead of him, it was a solid hill that he could walk on, with buildings that he could touch - if he got that far.the police were waiting on the dock. he saw four of them, standing with folded arms, looking up at the ship. tom turned and walked slowly toward the policemen. he wouldn't cause trouble, he thought, he'd just tell them himself who he was. there was a big newsstand behind the policemen, and he thought of buying a paper. perhaps they would let him. the policemen stared back at him from over their folded arms as he approached them. they wore black uniforms with caps. tom smiled at them weakly. one of them touched his cap and stepped to one side. the others didn't move closer. now tom was almost between two of them, right in front of the newsstand, and the policemen were staring forward again, paying no attention to him at all.tom bought several newspapers and walked back to the dock to wait for his luggage. under the r's he stopped and opened the oldest italian paper, which was four days old.no one named robert s. fanshaw found in mystery of greenleaf luggage.only the fifth paragraph interested him:the police discovered a few days ago that the fingerprints on the suitcases and paintings are the same as the fingerprints found in greenleaf's apartment in rome. therefore, it is believed that greenleaf left the suitcases and paintings himself...tom quickly opened another page:there is the possibility that he committed suicide. another possibility is that he exists at present under the false name of robert s. fanshaw or another name. a third possibility is that he was murdered after leaving his bags in venice.anyway, it is useless to search for "richard greenleaf" any longer, because, even if he is alive, he does not have his "richard greenleaf" passport...tom couldn't believe his good luck. it meant he wasn't suspected at all. it meant that the fingerprints really had guaranteed his innocence. it meant that he was not going to jail, and not going to die, but also that he wasn't suspected at all. he was free. except for dickie's will.tom boarded the bus for athens. the will could ruin it all. he looked out the window but he didn't notice anything. maybe the greek police were waiting for him at the american express office. maybe the four men he had seen hadn't been police but some kind of soldiers. he got off the bus and jumped in a taxi to go to the american express.he sat up when he saw the american express sign, and looked around the building for policemen. maybe the police were inside. tom looked in. nothing unusual.there was a letter waiting for him from mr. greenleaf. he opened it.june 9dear tom,received your letter yesterday.it was not so much of a surprise to my wife and me as you may think. we both realized that richard was very fond of you, in spite of the fact that he never actually told us this in any of his letters. as you said, the will does suggest that richard has taken his own life.my wife agrees with me that we should follow richard's wishes. so you have, as far as the will is concerned, my personal support. i have given the copy you sent to my lawyers, who will keep you informed about their progress in putting richard's money and other properties in your name.once more, thank you for your assistance when i was overseas. let us hear from you.with best wishes,herbert greenleafwas it a joke? but the paper in his hand felt real. besides, mr. greenleaf wouldn't joke like this, not in a million years. tom walked to the waiting taxi. it was no joke. it was his! dickie's money and his freedom. he could have a house in europe, and a house in america too, if he chose.he grew suddenly worried, and his dreams disappeared. was he going to see policemen waiting for him on every dock that he ever approached? in alexandria? in istanbul? bombay? rio? no use thinking about that. no use ruining his trip thinking about imaginary policemen."where to? where to?" the taxi driver was asking."to a hotel, please," tom said with a laugh. "the best hotel. the best, the best!"