tom's mood was calm and happy, but he didn't feel like making friends. he wanted his time for thinking. he began to play a role on the ship, the role of a serious young man with an important job ahead of him.he had a sudden desire for a hat and so he bought one on the ship, a blue-gray cap of soft english wool. he could look like so many different types of people in the hat. he had always thought that he had the world's dullest face. the cap changed all that. now he was a young man with a private income, not long out of princeton, possibly.he was starting a new life. goodbye to all of the awful people he had known in new york. whatever happened with dickie, he would handle himself well and mr. greenleaf would respect him for it. when mr. greenleaf's money was gone, he might not come back to america. he might get an interesting job in a hotel. or he might work as a salesperson for a european company and travel around in the world.one afternoon, he wrote a polite letter to his aunt dottie.dear auntie,i am on my way to europe by boat. i had a business offer that i can't explain right now. i had to leave suddenly, so i was not able to come to boston and i'm sorry because it may be months or even years before i come back.i wanted to tell you not to worry and not to send me any more checks. thank you very much for the last one from a month ago. i am well and very happy.love, tomthe letter made him feel better because it separated him from her. no more of the letters comparing him to his father and the stupid checks for six dollars and forty-eight cents or twelve dollars and ninety-five cents when she had some change left over from the store. aunt dottie had always told tom that he had cost her more than his father had left in insurance. but did she have to keep repeating it? lots of aunts and even strangers raised a child for nothing and were glad to do it.after his letter to aunt dottie, he got up and walked around the ship. he always got angry when he wrote to her. he hated being nice to her. until now he had always needed the money she sent him. but he didn't need it now. he would be independent forever.he had run away from aunt dottie at seventeen and had been brought back, and he had done it again at twenty and succeeded. he remembered how innocent he had been, not knowing how the world worked. he remembered how he felt when he had been fired from a job in new york because he wasn't strong enough to lift boxes eight hours a day. he was very upset and thought it wasn't fair. he remembered deciding then that the world was full of selfish people and that you had to be an animal or you wouldn't eat. he remembered right after that, he had stolen a loaf of bread from a store and had taken it home and eaten it quickly, feeling that the world owed him bread, and more.tom sat back in his chair again, pulled his hat down over his eyes, and folded his hands over his stomach. his separation from the other passengers was making them notice him. he imagined the others asking, "is he an american? i think so, but he doesn't act like an american, does he? most americans are so noisy. he's very serious, isn't he, and he can't be more than twenty-three. he must have something very important on his mind."yes, he had. the present and future of tom ripley.***a few days later, tom arrived in naples, where he stayed overnight. the next morning at eleven, he got on the bus for mongibello. now and then he saw little villages by the water's edge and people swimming near the shore. finally, the driver said loudly, "mongibello."tom jumped down out of the bus and walked into the little post office across the road, where he asked the man behind the window for richard greenleaf's house.after a short walk, tom found a two-floor house with an iron gate on the road and a terrace that hung over the cliff's edge. tom rang the bell. an italian woman came out of the house drying her hands."mr. greenleaf?" tom asked.the woman smiled and answered in italian as she pointed down toward the sea.tom nodded. "thank you." he didn't have a swimsuit so he went into one of the little shops near the post office and bought a tiny black and yellow one. he put on his shoes again and walked down a road which led to the beach.looking down the beach, tom saw him from a great distance - definitely dickie, though his skin was a dark brown and his hair looked lighter than tom remembered it. he was with marge. tom approached the pair."dickie greenleaf?" he asked, smiling.dickie looked up. "yes?""i'm tom ripley. i met you in the states several years ago. remember? "dickie didn't seem to recognize tom."i think your father said he was going to write you about me.""oh, yes!" dickie said. he stood up. "tom what is it?""ripley.""this is marge sherwood," he said. "marge, tom ripley." dickie was looking at him carefully, not in a very friendly manner."you don't seem to remember me from new york," tom said."i can't really say that i do," dickie said, "where did i meet you?""i think - wasn't it at buddy lankenau's?" it wasn't, but he knew dickie knew buddy lankenau, and buddy was a very nice guy.after a short swim, dickie and marge returned to their towels. dickie said, "we're leaving. would you like to come up to the house and have lunch with us?""well, yes. thanks very much."fifteen minutes later, tom had had a cool shower and was sitting in a comfortable chair on dickie's terrace with a drink in his hand. he wondered if marge lived here.at that moment, dickie came out and poured himself a drink. "sorry there's no ice. i haven't got a refrigerator."tom smiled. "i have a shirt for you. your mother said you'd asked for one. also some socks.""do you know my mother?""i met your father just before i left new york, and he asked me to dinner at his house.""i suppose he offered you a job, too. he's always searching for young men to work for his company.""no, he didn't." tom felt that dickie didn't like him. had mr. greenleaf told dickie he was coming to persuade him to return home? or was dickie just in a bad mood? he probably could have persuaded dickie to come home if he had met dickie in a cafe down at the beach, but this way was useless. tom was angry at himself. nothing he took so seriously ever worked out. he had learned that years ago."what hotel are you staying in?" marge asked tom.tom smiled. "i haven't found one yet. what do you recommend?""the miramare's the best.""in that case, i'll try the miramare," tom said, standing up. "i must go."neither dickie nor marge asked him to stay. dickie walked with him to the gate. marge wasn't leaving. tom wondered if dickie and marge were sleeping together. marge was in love with dickie, tom thought, but dickie didn't care much about her."it was nice to meet you. goodbye, dickie.""goodbye."***tom let three days go by. on the fourth morning, he went down to the beach and found dickie alone."doesn't look like marge is coming down," dickie said. "i think i'll go up."tom got up. they walked to the miramare, saying almost nothing to each other. they went up to tom's room, and dickie tried the shirt on and held the socks up to his feet. both the shirt and the socks were the right size and, as tom had thought, dickie was very pleased with the shirt.now dickie had everything, tom thought, everything he had to offer. he would refuse an invitation for a drink, too, tom knew. "thanks for delivering the clothes. it was very nice of you." dickie held out his hand."i think i ought to tell you something else," tom said with a smile. "your father sent me over here especially to ask you to come home.""what do you mean?" dickie asked. "paid your way?""yes." it was his last chance to make dickie laugh or go out and slam the door in disgust. but the smile was coming the way tom remembered dickie's smile."paid your way! he's getting desperate, isn't he?" dickie closed the door again."he came up to me in a bar in new york," tom said. "i told him i wasn't a close friend of yours, but he thought i could help if i came over. i told him i'd try. i don't want you to think i'm taking advantage of your father. i'll try to find a job somewhere in europe soon, and i'll be able to pay him back. he bought me a round-trip ticket.""oh, don't bother! the company will pay for it. i can just see dad approaching you in a bar. which bar was it?""raonl's. he followed me from the green cage."tom and dickie had a drink in the hotel bar. they drank to herbert richard greenleaf.