the next day, tom walked down to the post office. there were two letters, one to him from dickie's father, one to dickie from someone in new york who tom didn't know. he walked quickly home as he opened mr. greenleaf's letter, unfolding the typewritten sheet respectfully.nov. 10,19my dear tom,since you have been with dickie over a month and he shows no more sign of coming home than before you went, it is clear to me that you haven't been successful. i realize that you reported sincerely that he is considering returning, but honestly, i don't see it anywhere in his letter of october 26. he seems more determined than ever to stay where he is.i want you to know that my wife and i appreciate whatever efforts you have made for us. from today, i have no further need of your assistance. i hope you have not troubled yourself greatly by your efforts of the last month, and i sincerely hope the trip has given you some pleasure despite the failure of its main goal.both my wife and i send you greetings and our thanks.sincerely, h. r. greenleaftom walked into the house. it was the end. mr. greenleaf had simply fired him. he had failed. he stood at the corner of the terrace, staring out at the city and thinking of nothing, feeling lost and alone. he turned as he heard the gate open. dickie walked up the path, smiling, but tom thought it was an unnatural, polite smile."here's a letter for you." he handed dickie his letter and put the one from mr. greenleaf into his pocket.when dickie had finished reading his letter - a letter that made him laugh out loud as he read it - tom said, "do you think marge would like to go up to paris with us when we go? "dickie looked surprised. "i think she would.""well, ask her," tom said cheerfully."i don't know if i should go up to paris," dickie said. "i wouldn't mind getting away somewhere for a few days, but paris -" he lighted a cigarette. "i'd rather go to san remo or even genoa.""but paris - genoa can't compare with paris, can it?""no, of course not, but it's a lot closer.""but when will we get to paris?""i don't know. any time. paris'll still be there."tom ran from the hall into the kitchen and fixed himself an iceless drink. his hands were shaking. only yesterday dickie had said, "are you going home for christmas?" very quietly in the middle of a conversation, but dickie knew he wasn't going home for christmas. he didn't have a home and dickie knew it. he had told dickie all about aunt dottie in boston. it was simply what dickie wanted, that was all. marge was full of plans for christmas. he couldn't bear to imagine it. all right, he'd leave.he'd do anything rather than spend christmas with them.***marge said she didn't care to go with them to san remo. she was busy working on her book. the book must be awful, tom thought. he had known writers. you didn't write a book while spending half the day on the beach.they took only one suitcase of dickie's for the two of them, because they planned to be away only three nights and four days. dickie was in a slightly more cheerful mood, but the awful feeling was still there, the feeling that this was the last trip they would make together anywhere.dickie said absolutely nothing on the train to san remo. tom sat opposite him, staring at his handsome, expressionless face, at his hands with the two rings: one green and one gold. tom decided to steal the green ring when he left. he would do it the very last day, he thought. he stared at dickie's closed eyes. a crazy emotion of hate, of warmth, of impatience, and frustration was rising in him, preventing his breathing. he wanted to kill dickie.it was not the first time he had thought of it. before, once or twice or three times, it had been a desire that went away immediately and left him with a feeling of shame. now he thought about it for a whole minute, two minutes, because he was leaving dickie anyway, and what was there to be ashamed of any more? he had offered dickie friendship, and respect, everything he had to offer, and dickie had answered with coldness and now dislike. dickie was just pushing him out in the cold. if he killed him on this trip, tom thought, he could simply say that there had been an accident. he could - he had just thought of something brilliant: he could become dickie greenleaf himself. he could do everything that dickie did. he could go back to mongibello first and collect dickie's things, tell marge a story, rent an apartment in rome or paris, receive dickie's check every month, and sign dickie's name on it. he could step right into dickie's shoes. he began to think of how.the water. but dickie was such a good swimmer. the cliffs. it would be easy to push dickie off a cliff when they took a walk, but he imagined dickie grabbing at him and pulling him off with him, and he felt nervous. he would have to make his hair more blond. but he wouldn't live in a place, of course, where somebody who knew dickie lived. he had only to look enough like dickie to be able to use his passport.dickie opened his eyes, looking right at him, and tom relaxed, putting his head back and shutting his eyes quickly."tom, are you ok?" dickie asked, shaking tom's knee."ok," tom said, smiling a little. he saw dickie sit back with a look of anger, and tom knew why; because dickie had hated giving him even that much attention. tom smiled to himself, amused at pretending to be asleep. that had been the only way to hide his thoughts from dickie.san remo. flowers. a main street along the beach, shops and stores, and french, english, and italian tourists. tom searched his brain. where? in one of these little streets tonight? in the water? it was slightly cloudy, though not cold. it would be easy in the hotel room, too, but how would he get rid of the body? that left only the water, and dickie was very comfortable in the water. there were boats, rowboats and little motorboats, that people could rent down at the beach. in each motorboat, tom noticed, was a heavy, round, cement anchor tied to a rope to prevent the boat from floating away."why don't we take a boat, dickie?" tom asked, trying not to sound eager."well, all right. for an hour around the port," dickie said.the italian boatman started the motor for them. then dickie took the wheel and they headed straight out from the town."where're you going?" tom shouted."does it matter?" dickie smiled.no it didn't."you dare me to jump in?" tom asked, beginning to take off his jacket.dickie only laughed at this suggestion, opening his mouth wide, keeping his eyes fixed on the distance in front of the boat. tom kept on undressing. he had his shoes and socks off. under his pants he wore his swimsuit, like dickie."i'll go in if you will!" tom shouted. "will you?" he wanted dickie to slow down."will i? sure!" dickie slowed the motor. he let go of the wheel and took off his jacket. the boat moved up and down, losing its speed. "come on," dickie said, nodding at tom's pants. "take them off."tom looked at the land. they were a long way from the white sand and pink houses of san remo now. he picked up the oar slowly, playing with it between his knees, and when dickie was pulling his pants down, tom lifted the oar and swung it down hard on the top of dickie's head."hey!" dickie yelled, sliding half off the wooden seat.tom stood up and brought the oar down again."what the...!" dickie said, as he lost consciousness.tom hit him on the side of the neck three times. finally the body relaxed and stopped moving. tom straightened, getting his breath back painfully. he looked around him. there were no boats, nothing, except far, far away a little white one moving from left to right.tom stopped and pulled at dickie's green ring. he put it in his pocket. the other ring was tighter, but it came off, over the bleeding hand. then he reached for the rope that was tied to the heavy weight. he guessed the rope was about fourteen or fifteen meters long. he began to feel cooler and calmer. the cement weight should be just enough to hold a body down, he thought. the body might move around a little, but it wouldn't come up to the surface.tom pulled the body toward the edge of the boat, sliding it along the side. he began with dickies head and shoulders, turned dickie's body on its stomach, and pushed him out little by little. dickie's head was in the water. tom took a breath and pushed hard. dickie went over the side of the boat.tom started the boat cautiously and headed toward the shore, north of san remo. maybe he could find a place, an empty area on the shore, where he could stop the boat and get out. he couldn't think of a way to get rid of the boat. he moved it toward a shallow, short beach until he felt it hit ground. tom decided to sink the boat.the little beach gave him a feeling of safety and privacy. there was no sign that a human foot had ever touched the place.tom began to gather stones and to drop them into the boat one by one. he worked without stopping because he was afraid somebody might find him if he stopped to rest. when the stones reached the top of the boat, he pushed the boat away from the beach and pushed it down, more and more, until water entered over the sides. as the boat began to sink, he gave it another push toward deeper water and walked with it until the water was up to his waist and the boat sank below his reach. then he walked back to shore and lay down for a time, face down on the sand. he began to plan his story for the return to mongibello.***tom stepped off the bus almost directly in front of marge. she was in her swimsuit and the white jacket she always wore to the beach."where's dickie?" she asked."he's in rome," tom smiled easily, absolutely prepared for marge's questions. "he's staying up there for a few days. i came down to get some of his stuff to take up to him.""is he staying with somebody?""no, just in a hotel."tom began to walk toward the house and marge followed him. tom took the big iron key to the terrace door from its usual place. the table had been moved a little, and there was a book on the chair. marge had been here since they left, tom thought."can i fix you a drink? ""no, thanks. how long do you think dickie's going to be away?tom frowned thoughtfully. "well, i don't really know. he says he wants to see a lot of art shows up there. i think he's just enjoying a change of scene.""how long are you staying?""just overnight. i'll be going up to rome tomorrow. probably in the afternoon.""i don't suppose i'll see you again, unless you're at the beach. have a good time in case i don't see you. and tell dickie to write a postcard. what hotel is he staying at?""oh - uh - what's the name of it? near the piazza di spagna?""the inghilterra?""that's it. but i think he said to use the american express as a mailing address.""all right. bye." marge walked down the path to the iron gate, and out.tom picked up the suitcase and ran upstairs to dickie's bedroom. he opened the drawers quickly and emptied them into the suitcase. there were letters, keys, address books, and clothes.he wanted to take all of dickies stuff straight away to rome, but he worried about what marge might think if he took so much for such a short time. he decided it would be better to pretend that dickie had later made a decision to move to rome.the next day, tom worked calmly and thoroughly, expecting marge to come by at any minute, but it was after four before she came."still here?" she asked as she came into dickie's room."yes. i had a letter from dickie today. he's decided he's going to move to rome." tom stood up and smiled a little. it seemed to be a surprise to him, too. "he wants me to pick up all his things, all i can carry.""move to rome? for how long? ""i don't know. the rest of the winter, at least.""he's not coming back all winter?" marge sounded lost already."no. he said he might even sell the house.""he's still going to cortina, isn't he?" marge asked. dickie and marge had been planning to go on a christmas vacation to cortina with freddie miles."no, he's not. he said he was going to write freddie and tell him he decided not to go."tom watched her shocked face. he knew she was wondering whether he was going to live with dickie or not, and that she was probably deciding, because of his cheerful manner, that he was. tom felt the question move up to her lips - and then she asked him: "are you going to stay with him in rome?""maybe for a time. i'll help him with his apartment. i want to go to paris this month, then i suppose around the middle of december i'll be going back to the states."a few minutes later, marge stood up and said goodbye. tom suddenly felt that she might be going to telephone dickie today. or maybe even go up to rome. but what could she do if she did go? people change hotels. and there were enough hotels in rome to keep her busy for days. when she didn't find him, she would suppose that he had gone to paris or to another city with tom ripley.