tom was awakened very early the next morning by a banging on his door. he grabbed his pants and went down. it was a telegram, and he had to run back upstairs to get a tip for the man. he stood in the cold living room and read it: changed my mind. would like to see you. arriving 11:45 a.m. h. greenleaf.tom shook with fear. well, he had expected it, he thought. but he hadn't really. he wasn't looking forward to it.he ran upstairs and got back into his warm bed to try to catch some more sleep. he kept wondering if marge would come in or knock on his door because she had heard that loud knock, but he finally decided that she had slept through it. he imagined greeting mr. greenleaf at the door, shaking his hand firmly, and he tried to imagine his questions, but his mind was too tired and that made him feel frightened and uncomfortable.marge and tom went to the railroad station to meet mr. greenleaf at eleven forty-five. it was raining, and so windy and cold that the rain felt like ice on their faces. finally there was mr. greenleaf, serious and gray. marge rushed forward to kiss him on the cheek, and he smiled at her."hello, tom," he said loudly, putting out his hand. "how're you?""very well, sir. and you?" tom suggested they go straight to his house, but mr. greenleaf wanted to go to a hotel first."i'll come over as soon as i check in. i thought i'd try the gritti. is that anywhere near your place? " mr. greenleaf asked."not too close, but you can walk to san marco's and take a boat over," tom said. "we'll come with you, if you want, if you just want to check in. i thought we could all have lunch together - unless you'd rather see marge by yourself first." he was the old ripley again."came here mainly to talk to you," mr. greenleaf said."is there any news?" marge asked.mr. greenleaf shook his head. he was looking around nervously. he hadn't answered tom's question about lunch. tom folded his arms, put a pleasant look on his face, and didn't try to talk any more. mr. greenleaf and marge were talking very quietly about some people they knew in rome. tom observed that marge and mr. greenleaf were very friendly, though marge had said she had not known him before she met him in rome.at lunch, mr. greenleaf talked a little more, but his face kept its serious look, and he still looked around as he spoke, clearly hoping that dickie would come walking in at any moment. the police hadn't found anything that could be called a clue, he said, and he had just arranged for an american private detective to come over and try to solve the mystery.this made tom swallow thoughtfully - he, too, believed that american detectives were better than the italians.the questions, tom thought, would come at the house, probably when he and mr. greenleaf were alone. he knew mr. greenleaf wanted to talk to him alone, and therefore he suggested coffee at the restaurant where they were before marge could suggest having it at home. but marge sat around with them in the living room for half an hour after they got back. finally tom frowned at her and looked at the stairs and she got the message, put her hand over her mouth, and announced that she was going up to have a short rest."well, tom," mr. greenleaf began heavily, " this is a strange end, isn't it? ""end?""well, you living in europe now, and richard - ""none of us has suggested yet that he might be back in america," tom said pleasantly."no. that couldn't be. the officials in america have been watching for him." mr. greenleaf continued to walk, not looking at him. "where do you really think he may be? ""well, sir, he could be hiding in italy - very easily, if he doesn't use a hotel where he has to sign in.""are there any hotels in italy where one doesn't have to sign in?""no, not officially. but anyone who knows italian as well as dickie might manage it.""and is that your idea of what he may be doing?" mr. greenleaf looked at him suddenly, and tom saw that sad expression he had noticed on the first evening he had met him."no, i - it's possible. that's all i can say about it." he paused. "i'm sorry to say it, mr. greenleaf, but i think there's a real possibility that dickie is dead."mr. greenleaf's look didn't change. "because of that sadness you mentioned in rome? what exactly did he say to you?""it was his general mood," tom said. "the miles thing had obviously upset him. he's the sort of man - he really does hate attention of any kind, violence of any kind." tom bit his lips. "he did say that if one more thing happened, he would just go crazy - or he didn't know what he would do.""i'm afraid i don't agree with you that richard committed suicide," mr. greenleaf said."well, neither does marge. i just said it's a possibility. i don't even think it's the most likely thing that's happened.""you don't? what do you think is? ""that he's hiding," tom said. "you know he could be in several other countries besides italy, too. perhaps he went to greece or france or anywhere else after he got back to naples, because no one was looking for him until days later.""i know, i know," mr. greenleaf said tiredly.later that evening, tom and marge called mr. greenleaf at his hotel. it was still early for dinner, so they had drinks at a cafe in a street near mr. greenleaf's hotel. tom tried hard to be pleasant and to talk in a friendly manner during dinner. mr. greenleaf was in a good mood, because he had just telephoned his wife and found her in very good spirits and feeling much better.it was a quiet dinner. tom told a clean, slightly funny joke, and marge laughed loudly. mr. greenleaf refused to let tom pay for the dinner, and then he said he was going back to his hotel because he didn't feel too good. he was going back to rome tomorrow, and marge decided to go with him. they walked back to the hotel and said goodnight."i'm very sorry i wasn't able to spend more time with you," tom said."so am i, my boy. maybe some other time." mr. greenleaf touched his shoulder.tom walked back home with marge in a kind of fog of happiness. it had all gone very well, tom thought. marge talked to him as they walked, laughing because she had broken her bra and had to hold it up with one hand, she said.tom was thinking of the letter he had received from bob delancey this afternoon, the first letter he had received from bob in many weeks. tom had lived in a room in bob's house before leaving new york. in the letter, bob said that the police had questioned everybody in his house about an income tax crime of a few months ago. the criminal, it seemed, had used bob's address to receive his checks, and had gotten the checks by the simple means of taking the letters out of the mailbox, where the mailman had put them. the mailman had been questioned, too, bob had said, and remembered the name george mcalpin on the letters. bob seemed to think it was rather funny. the mystery was, who took the letters addressed to george mcalpin?it was a very comforting letter for tom. that income tax situation had been worrying him because he had known the police would find out about it at some time. he was glad the wait had ended. he couldn't imagine how the police would ever, could ever, connect tom ripley with george mcalpin.he sat down in the living room to read bob's letter again when he got home. marge had gone upstairs to pack her things and to go to bed. tom was tired, too, but the freedom of tomorrow, when marge and mr. greenleaf would be gone, was a pleasant thought. he took his shoes off so he could put his feet up on the sofa, lay back on a pillow, and continued reading bob's letter."the police think it's somebody who came by occasionally to pick up his mail, because none of the people in this house look like criminals... how are the girls in venice? how long are you staying there anyway?"forever, tom thought. maybe he'd never go back to the states. it wasn't really europe itself that made him feel this way, but the evenings he had spent alone, here and in rome. evenings by himself simply looking at maps, or lying around on sofas going through travel books. evenings looking at the clothes - his clothes and dickie's - and feeling dickie's rings, and running his fingers over the suitcase he had bought at gucci's.he loved objects, not mountains of them, but a certain few that he wanted to keep. they gave a man respect for himself. the things he possessed reminded him that he existed, and made him enjoy his life. it was as simple as that. he existed. dickie's money gave him the opportunity to see greece, to collect whatever he wanted, to join art societies if he cared to, and to give money to their work.he thought he might rest, then read some of his book, whatever the hour. he felt warm and sleepy, in spite of the coffee he had drunk. the edge of the sofa fitted his shoulders like somebody's arm, or better than somebody's arm. he decided he would spend the night here. it was more comfortable than the sofa upstairs. in a few minutes he might go up and get a blanket.