venice february 28dear mr. greenleaf:i thought i ought to write you with whatever personal information i have about richard, since i was one of the last people, it seems, who saw him.i saw him in rome around february 2 at the inghilterra hotel. as you know, this was only two or three days after the death of freddie miles. i found dickie upset and nervous. he said he was going to palermo as soon as the police finished questioning him about freddie's death, and he seemed eager to get away. i wanted to tell you that there was a certain unhappiness under all this that troubled me much more than his obvious nervousness. i had the feeling that he would try to do something violent - perhaps to himself.i believe it is possible that richard has killed himself. at the time of writing he has not been found. i certainly hope he will be before this reaches you. this is a sad message to send you and i regret it. i thought it my duty to write you this...munich march 3dear tomthanks for your letter. it was very kind of you. i've answered the police in writing, and one came up to see me. i won't be coming by venice, but thanks for your invitation. i am going to rome the day after tomorrow to meet dickie's father, who is flying over. yes, i agree with you that it was a good idea for you to write to him.i did want to say to you that i don't agree with you at all that dickie would commit suicide. he just isn't the type. i know you're going to say people never act like they're going to do it. but no, not dickie. maybe he was murdered in a back street in naples - or even rome. i can also imagine him running out on duties. i think that's what he's doing now.nice to know your address finally. thanks again for your letter, your advice, and invitations.best, margeshe had decided to be friends with him, tom supposed. she'd probably changed her attitude about him to the police, too.dickie's disappearance was causing a lot of interest in the italian newspapers. marge, or somebody, had provided reporters with photographs. there were pictures of dickie sailing his boat in mongibello, pictures of dickie on a beach, and a picture of dickie and marge. one of the articles mentioned that "mr. ripley, one of the wealthy young american visitors in italy, now lives in a palace looking out on san marco in venice."that pleased tom most of all. he cut out and saved that article.he was now so confident that he even wrote aunt dottie with a calm, loving attitude that he had never wanted to use before, or had never before been able to use. he asked about her health and her little group of nasty friends in boston. after he had finished the letter, he typed dickie's will, leaving him his income and the money he had in various banks, and signed it richard greenleaf. the signature was perfect, exactly like the thin, confusing signature on dickie's passport. tom practiced for half an hour before he signed the will, relaxed his hands, then signed a piece of paper, then the will, in rapid order. tom put an envelope into the typewriter and addressed it to "to whom it may concern," with a note that it shouldn't be opened until june of this year. he placed it in a side pocket of his suitcase to suggest that he had been carrying it there for some time and hadn't bothered unpacking it when he moved into the house.***about ten days after marge's letter, tom began to worry because mr. greenleaf hadn't written or telephoned him from rome. he sometimes imagined that the police had told mr. greenleaf that they were playing a game with tom ripley, and had asked mr. greenleaf not to talk to him.each day he looked eagerly in his mailbox for a letter from marge or mr. greenleaf. his house was ready for their arrival. his answers to their questions were ready in his head. tom wanted to take a trip, the famous trip to greece. he had bought a travel book about greece, and he had already planned his journey through the islands, but he couldn't go until something happened.then, on the morning of april 4, he got a telephone call from marge. she was in venice at the railroad station.***"i'll come and pick you up!" tom said cheerfully. "is mr. greenleaf with you?""no, he's in rome. i'm alone. you don't have to pick me up.""nonsense!" tom said, wanting something to do at last. "you'll never find the house by yourself.""yes, i will. it's next to della salute, isn't it? i take a boat from san marco's."she was right. "well, if you really want to come alone." he had just thought that he had better take one more good look around the house before she got there." have you had lunch?""no.""good! we'll lunch together somewhere."they hung up. he walked seriously and slowly through the house, into both large rooms upstairs, down the stairs, and through the living room. nothing, anywhere, that belonged to dickie. he hoped the house didn't look too upper class.tom made two drinks and arranged the glasses and a plate of snacks on a small table in the living room. when he heard a knock, he went to the door and swung it open."marge! good to see you! come in!" he took the suitcase from her hand."how are you, tom? is all this yours?" she looked around her, and up at the high ceiling."i rented it very cheaply," tom said quickly "come and have a drink. tell me what's new. you've been talking to the police in rome?" he carried her overcoat and her raincoat to a chair."yes, and to mr. greenleaf. he's very upset - naturally." she sat down on a sofa.tom sat opposite her. "have they found anything new? one of the officers there has been keeping me informed, but he hasn't told me anything that really matters.""well, they found out that dickie cashed over a thousand dollars' worth of travelers' checks before he left palermo, just before. maybe he went somewhere with it, like greece or africa. certainly he didn't go off to kill himself after just cashing a thousand dollars, anyway.""no," tom agreed. "well, that sounds hopeful. i didn't see that in the papers.""i don't think they put it in.""how is mr. greenleaf?"marge shook her head. "i feel so sorry for him. he keeps saying the american police could do a better job and all that, and he doesn't know any italian, so that makes it twice as bad.""what's he doing in rome?""waiting. what can any of us do?"tom drank his drink slowly while he thought. "i certainly didn't mean to upset anybody when i said what i did about dickie's sadness. i felt it was kind of a duty to tell you and mr. greenleaf.""i understand. no, i think you were right to tell us. i just don't think it's true." she smiled, her eyes shining with a belief that struck tom as completely crazy.during lunch, marge asked him more questions than any police officer about dickie's feelings while he was in rome. tom was questioned about everything from di massimo, the painter dickie had worked with, to dickie's eating habits and the hour he got up in the morning."how do you think he felt about me? tell me honestly. i can take it.""i think he was worried about you," tom said seriously. "i think - well, it was one of those situations that happen quite often, a man who's afraid of marriage to begin with-""but i never asked him to marry me! " marge protested."i know, but -" tom forced himself to continue, though the subject was sour in his mouth. "let's say he couldn't face the responsibility of you caring so much about him. i think he wanted a less complicated relationship with you." that told her everything and nothing.they were silent a few minutes, then tom asked her about her life and work. marge answered very enthusiastically. tom had the feeling that if she had dickie back she would probably just explode with happiness, make a loud, attractive pop! and that would be the end of her."do you think i should offer to talk to mr. greenleaf, too?" tom asked. "i'd be glad to go to rome -" but he wouldn't be so glad, he remembered, because rome had simply too many people in it who had seen him as dickie greenleaf. "or do you think he'd like to come here?""i think it'd be nice if you called him. i'll write the address down for you.""that's a good idea. he doesn't like me, does he?" marge smiled a little. "well, to be honest, no. i think he thinks you used dickie, to your advantage.""well, i didn't. i'm sorry the idea didn't work about my getting dickie back home, but i explained all of that. i wrote him the nicest letter i could about dickie when i heard he was missing. didn't that help? ""i think it did, but - oh, i'm terribly sorry, tom! all over this wonderful tablecloth!" marge had turned her drink over. she wiped at the tablecloth rapidly.tom came running back from the kitchen with a wet cloth. "perfectly all right," he said, watching the wood of the table turn white in spite of his wiping. it wasn't the tablecloth he cared about, it was the beautiful table."i'm so sorry," marge went on protesting.tom hated her. he suddenly remembered her bra hanging over the window in mongibello. her underwear would be hanging over his chairs tonight, if he invited her to stay here. the idea disgusted him. he forced himself to smile across the table at her. "i hope you'll honor me by accepting a bed for the night. not mine," he added, laughing, "but i've got two rooms upstairs and you're welcome to one of them.""thanks a lot. all right, i will." she smiled broadly at him.tom called mr. greenleaf from a public telephone at about seven o'clock. mr. greenleaf sounded friendlier than tom had expected, and sadly hungry for any information about dickie."i've told marge all i know," tom said, "so she'll be able to tell you anything i've forgotten. i'm only sorry that i can't provide anything of real importance for the police to work on.""these police!" mr. greenleaf said angrily. "i'm beginning to think richard is dead. for some reason the italians don't want to admit he might be."tom was shocked at mr. greenleaf's honesty about dickie's possible death."do you really think dickie's killed himself, mr. greenleaf?" tom asked quietly.mr. greenleaf thought about it for a minute. "i don't know. i think it's possible, yes. i never thought much of my son's mental health, tom.""i'm afraid i agree with you," tom said. "would you like to talk to marge? she's here with me.""no, no, thanks. when's she coming back? ""i think she said she'd be going back to rome tomorrow. if you'd like to come to venice, just for a slight rest, mr. greenleaf, you're welcome to stay at my house."but mr. greenleaf refused the invitation.tom and marge walked to a restaurant. marge was in the mood to talk and that annoyed tom through their long dinner, but he made an enormous effort not to get angry. the worst was coming later tonight, tom thought: the boat ride.marge wanted a private boat, of course, not the regular service that took people over from san marco's to the steps of santa maria della salute. it was one-thirty in the morning. he felt exhausted and lay back in the boat's seat as lazily as marge, careful to keep his leg from touching hers.