tom went out before eight in the morning to buy the papers. there was nothing. they might not find freddie for days, tom thought. nobody was likely to walk around an unimportant tomb like the one he had put freddie behind.he was dressed by nine and had even spoken to signora buffi to tell her he would be gone for at least three weeks.the telephone rang, and tom picked it up."mr. greenleaf?" asked the italian voice."yes."the voice stated that the body of frederick miles had been found that morning and hadn't mr. miles visited him yesterday afternoon?"yes, that is true.""would you be kind enough to answer some questions? a police officer will come to you.""i will be very glad to help if i can," tom said in slow, careful italian, "but can the officer come now? it is necessary for me to leave the house at ten o'clock."the voice made a little sound and said probably not, but they would try.tom hurried to push a couple of suitcases under the bed, and carried the other to a closet and shut the door. he didn't want the police to think he was planning to leave town. but what was he nervous about? they probably didn't have any clues.maybe a friend of freddies had known that freddie was going to try to see him yesterday, that was all. tom picked up a paint brush and put it in a cup of water. he didn't want to look too upset by the news of freddie's death to do a little painting while he waited for them, though he was dressed to go out. he was going to be a friend of freddie's, but not a very close friend.signora buffi let the police in at ten-thirty. there were two: an older man in the uniform of an officer and a younger man in an ordinary police uniform. the older man greeted him politely and asked to see his passport. tom produced it, and the officer looked carefully from tom to the picture of dickie, more carefully than anyone had ever looked at it before. tom thought the officer would ask him about it, but he didn't. he handed tom the passport with a little smile."how was he killed?" tom asked."he was hit on the head and in the neck by a heavy object," the officer replied, "and robbed. we think he was drunk. was he drunk when he left your apartment yesterday afternoon?""well - a little. we had both been drinking."the officer wrote this down in his book, and also the time that tom said freddie had been there, from, about twelve until about six."do you know where he was going when he left?" the officer asked."no, i don't.""but you thought he was able to drive?""oh, yes. if he had been too drunk to drive, i would have gone with him."the officer asked another question that tom pretended not quite to understand. the officer asked it a second time, choosing different words, and smiled at the younger police officer. the officer wanted to know what his relationship to freddie had been."a friend," tom said. "not a very close friend. i had not seen or heard from him in about two months. i was terribly upset to hear about the disaster this morning." tom let his anxious face express what his rather simple vocabulary couldn't. he thought he succeeded. he thought the questioning wasn't very serious, and that they were going to leave in another minute or two."he said nothing about making a trip to the via appia when he left your apartment?""no," tom said."what did you do yesterday after mr. miles left?""i stayed here," tom said, moving his open hands as dickie had done," and then i had a little sleep, and later i went out for a walk around eight or eight-thirty." a man who lived in the house, whose name tom didn't know, had seen him come in last night at about a quarter to nine, and they had said good evening to each other."you took a walk alone? ""yes.""and mr. miles left here alone? he was not going to meet anybody?""he didn't say so." tom wondered if freddie had had friends with him at his hotel, or wherever he had been staying. tom hoped that the police wouldn't introduce him to any of freddie's friends who might know dickie. now his name - richard greenleaf - would be in the italian newspapers, tom thought, and also his address. he'd have to move. it was awful. he cursed to himself. the police officer saw him, but it looked like a curse against the sad end of freddie, tom thought."we are searching the car now. maybe the murderer was somebody he picked up to give a ride to. shall we be able to reach you here for the next few days, in case there are any more questions? "tom hesitated. "i was planning to leave for majorca tomorrow.""i am sorry, but we may need to contact you in the next couple of days," he stated quietly. he was not giving tom the opportunity to argue about it, even if he was an american. "we shall inform you as soon as you may go. i am sorry if you have made travel plans. perhaps there is still time to change them. good day, mr. greenleaf.""good day." tom stood there after they had closed the door. he could move to a hotel, he thought, if he told the police what hotel it was. he didn't want freddie's friends or any friends of dickie's coming to see him after they saw his address in the newspapers.before an hour had passed, he was at the inghilterra. his three suitcases, two of them dickie's and one his own, depressed him: he had packed them for such a different purpose. and now this!he went out at noon to buy the papers. every one of the papers had the news:american murdered on the via appia antica... shocking murder of wealthy american frederick miles last night on the via appia... via appia murder of american without clues...tom read every word. there really were no clues, at least not yet, and no suspects. but every paper gave the name herbert richard greenleaf and gave his address as the place where freddie had last been seen by anybody.the phone didn't ring all afternoon. at about eight, when it was dark, tom went downstairs to buy the evening papers. he sat in a little restaurant a few streets away, reading them. still no clues.tom drank his glass of wine slowly, and looked through each of the papers for the last-minute articles that were sometimes put into italian papers just before they came out. he found nothing more on the miles case. but on the last page of the last newspaper he read: sunken boat with bloodstains found near san remohe read it rapidly, with more terror in his heart than he had felt when he had carried freddie's body down the stairs, or when the police had come to question him. this was like a bad dream come true. the boat was described in detail and it brought the scene back to him - dickie smiling in the boat, dickie smiling at him, dickie's body sinking through the water. the article said that the stains were believed to be blood, not that they were. it didn't say what the police or anybody else planned to do about them. but the police would do something, tom thought. his imagination went in several directions: what would they think if they searched for dickie's body and found it? they would think that it was tom ripley's now. dickie would be suspected of murder. then dickie would be suspected of freddie's murder, too. tom sat in his room wondering what would happen if he did nothing, and what he could make happen by his own actions.marge would come up to rome. she had obviously called the rome police to get his address. if she came up, he would have to see her as tom, and try to persuade her that dickie was out, as he had with freddie. he mustn't see marge, that was all. everything would be a disaster if he saw her. it'd be the end of everything! but if he could be patient, nothing at all would happen. it was just this moment, he thought, just this murder, that made things so difficult. but absolutely nothing would happen to him, if he could keep doing and saying the right things to everybody. afterward everything would be ok again.he picked up the telephone, and told the man at the hotel desk that if miss marjorie sherwood called again, he would accept the call. he thought he could persuade her in two minutes that everything was all right and that freddie's murder didn't concern him at all. he would say that he had moved to a hotel to avoid annoying telephone calls from strangers but still be within reach of the police in case they wanted him to identify any suspects they picked up.he lay down on the bed, tired, but not ready to undress. tom imagined dickie smiling at him, dressed in the suit that he had worn in san remo. the suit and tie were completely wet. dickie bent over him, shaking him. "i swam!" he said. "tom, wake up! i'm all right! i swam! i'm alive!" tom moved away from his touch. he heard dickie laugh at him, dickie's happy, deep laugh. "i swam!" dickie's voice yelled, ringing and ringing in tom's ears.tom looked around the room, looking for dickie in the yellow light under the lamp, in the dark corner. tom felt his own eyes open wide, frightened, and though he knew his fear was silly, he kept looking everywhere for dickie, below the curtains at the window, and on the floor on the other side of the bed. he pulled himself up from the bed and walked, almost falling, across the room, and opened a window. he felt drugged. he sat beneath the window, breathing the cold air in. finally he went into the bathroom and wet his face at the sink. he had let his imagination go crazy. he had been out of control.***the first thing he thought of when he woke up was marge. he reached for the telephone and asked if she had called during the night. she hadn't. he had a terrible feeling that she was coming up to rome.very strangely, there was nothing in the papers about either the miles case or the san remo boat. it frightened him.the telephone rang and he jumped for it obediently. it was either marge or the police."there are two officers of the police downstairs to see you, sir."a minute later, he heard their footsteps in the carpeted hall. it was the same older officer as yesterday, with a different younger policeman.they took the chairs tom offered. "are you a friend of the american thomas ripley?" the older officer asked."yes," tom said."do you know where he is?""i think he went back to america about a month ago.""i see. that will have to be checked. you see, we are trying to find thomas ripley. we think he may be dead.""dead? why?"the officer seemed to be smiling between each sentence. the smile had bothered tom a little yesterday, too. "you were with him on a trip to san remo in november, were you not? "they had checked the hotels. "yes.""where did you last see him? in san remo?""no. i saw him again in rome." tom remembered that marge knew he had gone back to rome after mongibello, because he had said he was going to help dickie in his new apartment in rome."when did you last see him?""i don't know the exact date. something like two months ago, i think. i think i had a postcard from - from genoa, saying that he was going back to america. why do you think he is dead?""did you take a boat ride with thomas ripley in san remo?""i think we did. yes, i remember. why?""because a little boat has been found with some kind of stains on it that may be blood. it was lost on november 25 - the day you were in san remo with mr. ripley." the officer's eyes rested on him without moving.the friendliness of the look angered tom. it wasn't honest, he felt. but he made an effort to behave well. "but nothing happened to us on the boat ride. there was no accident.""did you bring the boat back?""of course." it was obvious what was going on in the officer's head: dickie greenleaf had twice been on the scene of a murder, or near enough. the missing thomas ripley had taken a boat ride on november 25 with dickie greenleaf. "are you saying you do not believe me when i tell you that i saw tom ripley in rome around december 1?""oh, no, i didn't say that! i wanted to hear what you would say about your travels with mr. ripley after san remo, because we cannot find him." he smiled again."if he's not in america, you could try paris or genoa.""we will," the officer said. he put his papers away. he had made at least a dozen notes on them."before you go," tom said in a nervous voice, "i want to ask you when i can leave the city. i was planning to go to sicily. i would very much like to leave today if it is possible. i plan to stay at the hotel palma in palermo. it will be very simple for you to reach me if i am needed.""palermo," the officer repeated. "well, that may be possible."after making a phone call to his station, the officer turned to tom, smiling. "yes, you may go to palermo today.""thank you." he walked with the two of them to the door. "if you find where tom ripley is, please let me know, too," he said sincerely."of course! we shall keep you informed, sir. good day!"