"tom?"he opened his eyes. marge was coming down the stairs. tom sat up. she had his brown leather box in her hand."i just found dickie's rings in here," she said as if she was having trouble breathing."oh. he gave them to me. to take care of." tom stood up."when?""in rome, i think." he took a step back and picked up one of his shoes, mostly in an effort to seem calm."what was he going to do? why'd he give them to you?"she'd been looking for a needle to sew her bra, tom thought. why hadn't he put the rings somewhere else, like in an inside pocket of that suitcase? "i don't really know," tom said. "a moment of stupidity or something. you know how he is. he said if anything ever happened to him, he wanted me to have his rings."marge looked confused. "where was he going? ""to palermo." he was holding the shoe in both hands, in a position to use it as a weapon. a plan went quickly through his head: hit her with the shoe, then drag her out by the front door, and drop her into the water. he'd say shed fallen, slipped on the rocks. and she was such a good swimmer, he'd thought she could save herself.marge stared down at the box. "then he was going to kill himself.""yes - if you want to look at it that way, the rings - they make it look more likely that he did.""why didn't you say anything about it before?""i think i absolutely forgot them. i put them away so they wouldn't get lost and i never thought of looking at them since the day he gave them to me.""he either killed himself or changed his identity - didn't he?""yes." tom said it sadly and firmly."you'd better tell mr. greenleaf.""yes, i will. mr. greenleaf and the police.""i think we're getting closer to the truth," marge said.tom was twisting the shoe in his hands like a pair of gloves now, but still keeping it in position, because marge was staring at him in a funny way. she was still thinking. was she playing games with him? did she know now?marge said seriously, "i just can't imagine dickie ever being without his rings," and tom knew then that she hadn't guessed the answer.he relaxed and sank down on the sofa and pretended to busy himself with putting on his shoes."no," he agreed, automatically."if it weren't so late, i'd call mr. greenleaf now. he's probably in bed, and he wouldn't sleep all night if i told him, i know.""i'm sorry i didn't mention it sooner," he said. "it was just one of those - ""yes, it makes it kind of silly at this point for mr. greenleaf to bring a private detective over, doesn't it?" her voice shook.tom looked at her. she was going to cry. this was the first moment, tom realized, that she was admitting to herself that dickie could be dead, that he probably was dead. tom went toward her slowly. "i'm sorry, marge. i'm really sorry that i didn't tell you sooner about the rings."he put his arm around her. he almost had to, because she was leaning against him.***marge called mr. greenleaf at eight-thirty the next morning to ask how soon they could come over to his hotel. but mr. greenleaf probably noticed that she was upset. tom heard her starting to tell him the story of the rings. she used the same words that tom had used to her about the rings - obviously marge had believed him - but tom couldn't tell what mr. greenleaf's reaction was."what did he say?" tom asked when marge had hung up.marge sat down tiredly on a chair across the room."he seems to feel the way i do. he said it himself. it seems that dickie meant to kill himself."tom sat up on the edge of the sofa and loosened his tie. he had slept in his clothes on the sofa, and marge had awakened him when she had come down a few minutes ago. he felt awful. he stood up suddenly. "i'm going upstairs to wash," he called to marge.tom undressed in the room next to marge's, then went into the bathroom and turned on the shower. after a look at himself in the mirror he decided to shave first, and he went back to the room to get his electric razor which he had removed from the bathroom for no particular reason when marge had arrived. on the way back he heard the telephone ring. marge answered it. tom leaned over the stairs, listening."oh, that's fine," she said. "oh, that doesn't matter if we don't... yes, i'll tell him... all right, we'll hurry. tom's just washing up... oh, less than an hour. bye-bye."he heard her walking toward the stairs, and he stepped back because he wasn't dressed."tom?" she called up. "the detective from america just got here! he just called mr. greenleaf and he's coming from the airport!""fine!" tom called back. he turned the shower off, and picked up his razor. he would be glad when she was gone, and he hoped she left this morning. unless she and mr. greenleaf decided to see what the detective was going to do with him. tom knew that the detective had come to venice especially to see him. if he hadn't, he would have waited to see mr. greenleaf in rome. tom wondered if marge realized that too. probably she didn't.tom and marge took the boat to san marco and then walked to mr. greenleaf's hotel. they telephoned up to mr. greenleaf's room. mr. greenleaf said that mr. mccarron was there, and asked them to come up.mr. greenleaf opened his door for them. "good morning," he said. he pressed marge's arm like a father."tom -"tom came in behind marge. the detective was standing by the window, a short, fat man of about thirty-five. his face looked friendly but serious."this is alvin mccarron," mr. greenleaf said. "miss sherwood and mr. ripley.""i understand you're a friend of richard's?" he asked."we both are," tom said."do you have the rings?" mccarron asked, looking from tom to marge."yes," marge said seriously, getting up. she took the rings from her purse and gave them to mccarron.mccarron turned to tom. "when did he give them to you?""in rome. as close as i can remember, around february 3, just a few days after the murder of freddie miles," tom answered."what did he say when he gave them to you? ""he said that if anything happened to him, he wanted me to have them. i asked him what he thought was going to happen to him. he said he didn't know, but something might." tom paused on purpose. "he didn't seem more upset at that particular moment than a lot of other times. i'd talked to him, so it didn't enter my mind that he was going to kill himself. i knew he planned to go away, that was all.""where?" asked the detective."to palermo," tom said. he looked at marge. "i'm quite certain he gave them to me the day you spoke to me in rome - at the inghilterra. that day or the day before. do you remember the date?""february 2," marge said in a quiet voice."what else?" mccarron asked tom. "what time of day was it? had he been drinking?""no. he drinks very little. i think it was early afternoon. he said it would be better if i didn't mention the rings to anybody, and of course i agreed. i put the rings away and completely forgot about them, as i told miss sherwood - i suppose because i'd told myself so strongly that he didn't want me to say anything about them.""what did you do with the rings?""i put them in an old box that i have - just a little box i keep odd buttons in."mccarron looked at him for a moment in silence. out of that calm but bright irish face could come anything, a difficult question, a direct statement that he was lying. in his mind, tom concentrated on his own facts, determined to defend them to his death. in the silence, tom could hear marge's breathing, and a cough from mr. greenleaf almost made him jump. mr. greenleaf looked very calm, almost bored. tom wondered if he had fixed up some plan with mccarron against him, based on the rings story?"did he have any enemies that you know of?" mccarron asked."absolutely none," tom said. "i've thought of that.""any reason you can think of why he might want to hide, or take another identity?"tom said carefully, "possibly - but it's almost impossible in europe. he'd need a different passport. any country he wanted to enter, he would have to have a passport. he'd need one even to get into a hotel.""well, how do you see it, mr. ripley?"mccarron wasn't nearly finished, tom thought. mccarron was going to see him alone later. "i'm afraid i agree with miss sherwood that it appears that he's killed himself. i've said that before to mr. greenleaf.""when was the last time you saw him, miss sherwood?""on november 23, when he left for san remo," marge said quickly."you were then in mongibello?" mccarron asked."yes," marge said. "i just missed seeing him in rome in february, but the last time i saw him was in mongibello.""he was trying to avoid everyone in rome," tom added. "that's why, when he first gave me the rings, i thought he had some idea of getting away from everyone he had known, living in another city, and just being alone for a time.""why, do you think? "tom explained, mentioning the murder of his friend freddie miles and its effect on dickie."do you think richard knew who killed freddie miles?""no, i certainly don't.""think a minute," mccarron said to tom. "do you think that might explain his behavior? do you think he's avoiding answering the police by hiding out now? "tom thought for a minute. "he didn't give me a single reason to think that.""do you think dickie was afraid of something? ""i can't imagine of what," tom said.mccarron was staring at tom, but whether he was considering his honesty or thinking over all they had said to him, tom couldn't tell. mccarron looked like a typical salesman, tom thought. he didn't think too much of him, but, on the other hand, it wasn't wise to ignore your enemy. mccarron's small, soft mouth opened as tom watched him, and he said, "would you mind coming downstairs with me, mr. ripley, if you've still got a few minutes.""certainly," tom said, standing up."we won't be long," mccarron said to mr. greenleaf and marge.they walked toward the elevator. was this the way they did it? tom wondered. a quiet word alone. he would be handed over to the italian police, and then mr. mccarron would return to the room just as he had promised. tom turned to mccarron as the elevator stopped, and said seriously, showing his teeth in a smile, " is this your first trip to venice? ""yes," said mccarron. he passed by the hotel desk. "shall we go right in here?" he pointed at the coffee bar. he spoke very politely."all right," tom agreed. would mccarron accuse him in a place like this, quietly laying down fact after fact on the table? he took the chair that mccarron pulled out for him. mccarron sat with his back to the wall.mccarron looked at him. his small mouth smiled on one side. tom imagined three or four different beginnings: "you killed richard, didn't you? the rings are just too much, aren't they?" or "tell me about the san remo boat, mr. ripley, in detail." or simply leading up quietly, "where were you on february 15, when richard landed in... naples? all right, but where were you living then? where were you living in january, for example?... can you prove it? "mccarron was saying nothing at all, only looking down at his fat hands now, and smiling weakly.tom heard himself speaking, in an amazingly calm voice. "did you have time to speak to lieutenant roverini when you came through rome?" as he asked it, he realized that he wanted information: to find out if mccarron had heard about the san remo boat."no, i didn't," mccarron said. "how would you describe richard's character?""he wanted to be a painter," tom began, "but he knew he'd never be a very good painter. he tried to pretend he didn't care, and that he was perfectly happy and leading exactly the kind of life he wanted to lead over here in europe." tom wet his lips. "but i think he was beginning to get depressed. his father didn't like his lifestyle, as you probably know. and dickie had gotten himself into a difficult situation with marge.""how do you mean? ""marge was in love with him, and he wasn't with her, and at the same time he was seeing her so much in mongibello, she kept on hoping -"tom began to feel on safer ground, but he pretended to have difficulty in expressing himself. "he never actually discussed it with me. he always spoke very highly of marge. he was very fond of her, but it was obvious to everybody - marge, too - that he would never marry her. but marge never quite gave up. i think that's the main reason dickie left mongibello.""what do you mean never gave up? what did she do?""she kept writing to him, wanting to see him. he wanted to be by himself. particularly after the miles murder, he wasn't in the mood to see marge, and he was afraid that she'd come up to rome from mongibello when she heard of all the trouble he was in.""why do you think he was nervous after the miles murder? do you think richard killed freddie? ""no, i don't. i never thought of it. i don't know what kind of people are likely to kill somebody. i've seen him angry - ""when?"tom described the two days in rome when dickie, he said, had been angry and frustrated because of the police questioning, and had actually moved out of his apartment to avoid phone calls from friends and strangers. tom also talked again about the growing frustration in dickie, because he had not been progressing as he had wanted to in his painting. he described dickie as a proud young man who was determined to ignore his father's wishes. "if he killed himself," tom said, "i think it was because he realized certain failures in himself. it's much easier for me to imagine him as a suicide than a murderer.""but i'm not so sure that he didn't kill freddie miles. are you?"mccarron was perfectly sincere. tom was sure of that. mccarron was even expecting him to defend dickie now, because they had been friends. tom felt some of the terror leaving him, but only some of it, like something melting very slowly inside him. "i'm not sure," tom said, "but i just don't believe that he did.""i'm not sure either. but it would explain a lot, wouldn't it?""yes," tom said. "everything."***mccarron called the next day from rome, wanting the names of everyone dickie had known in mongibello. most of the names marge had already given him, but tom went through them all."well, i guess that's about all. thanks very much, mr. ripley.""you're very welcome. good luck."then tom waited quietly in his house for several days, just as anybody would do if the search for a missing friend had reached its most serious point.on the evening of the sixth day after mr. greenleaf and mccarron had left, tom called mr. greenleaf in rome. he had nothing new to report, but tom hadn't expected anything. marge had gone back to the united states.mr. greenleaf said he would be leaving at the end of the week, travelling first to paris, where the french police were also carrying on the search. mccarron was going with him, and if nothing happened in paris they were both going home. "it's obvious to me or to anybody," mr. greenleaf said, "that he's either dead or hiding from us. there's not a corner of the world where the search for him hasn't been written about in the newspapers."