tom looked behind him and saw the man coming out of the green cage. he walked faster. there was no doubt the man was following him. tom had noticed him five minutes ago, staring at him from a table. tom had paid for his drink in a hurry and left.at the corner, tom leaned forward and ran across fifth avenue. there was raoul's. should he take a chance and go in for another drink? or should he run over to park avenue and try to escape by hiding in dark doorways? he went into raoul's.as he walked up to an empty seat at the bar, he looked around to see if he knew anyone. there was that big man with red hair, whose name he always forgot, sitting at a table with a blonde girl. but who was that man outside? was that the kind of man they would send after him? he didn't look like a police officer or a detective. he looked like a businessman, someone's father, well-dressed with gray hair. was that the kind of man they sent on a job like this? he would chat with you in a bar, and then bang! - one hand on the shoulder and the other hand holding a policeman's identification. tom ripley, you're under arrest! tom watched the door.here he was, coming inside, taking a place at the bar. tom stared at him. they couldn't give you more than ten years, tom thought. maybe fifteen, but with good behavior - as the man started to speak, tom suffered a moment of desperate regret. why was he pretending to work for the income tax office? yes, he received checks for hundreds of dollars from stupid people who believed him when he said they owed money. but he never cashed the checks. it was really just a silly game that made him feel powerful."pardon me, are you tom ripley?""yes.""my name is herbert greenleaf. richard greenleaf's father." the look on his face would have been less confusing if he had been holding a gun. the face was friendly, smiling, and hopeful. "you're a friend of richard's, aren't you?"tom searched his memory. dickie greenleaf. a tall, blond guy. he had quite a lot of money, tom remembered. "oh, dickie greenleaf, yes.""charles and marta schriever told me about you. i know so few of richard's friends, but they seemed to think you know him quite well. somebody told them you drank at the green cage.""i remember him, yes.""but you're not writing him now?" mr. greenleaf seemed disappointed."no, i don't think i've seen dickie in a couple of years.""he's been in europe for two years. the schrievers thought you might have some influence on richard. we want him to come home."tom hadh't seen the schrievers more than three or four times in his life. he had once calculated charley schrievers income tax and saved him a lot of money. maybe that was why the schrievers had recommended him. maybe charley had said that tom was intelligent, honest, and very willing to help. it was a slight mistake."i don't suppose you know anybody else close to richard who might be able to persuade him?" mr. greenleaf asked."i'd certainly like to help. where is he staying in europe?" tom asked, not caring at all where dickie was staying."in a town called mongibello, south of naples. he divides his time between painting and sailing. he bought a house. richard has his own income - not a large amount, but enough to live on in italy it seems."tom thought dickie was probably having a great time over there. an income, a house, a boat. why should he want to come home? dickie was lucky. what was tom doing? living from week to week. hiding from the police now for the first time in his life. he had a talent for mathematics. why didn't someone pay him for it? tom realized that his whole body had tensed. he was bored, bored, bored! he wanted to be at the bar by himself."i'd be very happy to write to dickie if you give me his address. i suppose he'll remember me. we were at a weekend party out on long island once, i remember. and i came up to your apartment a few times, too," tom went on. "he showed me some of his models - of ships.""did he ever show you his drawings?" mr. greenleaf was smiling again.dickie hadn't, but tom said brightly, "yes, of course he did. interesting, some of them." tom had never seen them, but he could imagine them now - and he could see dickie holding them up for him to see."yes, richard has talent," mr. greenleaf said with satisfaction."i think he has," tom agreed. he was getting more bored every minute. he knew the feelings. he experienced them at parties or when he was having dinner with somebody he didn't want to be with. "i'm sorry i'm not free now or i'd go over and try to persuade richard myself," tom said, just because mr. greenleaf wanted him to."richard has always listened to his friends' advice. if you or somebody else could find the time, i'd even send them over to talk to him. i don't suppose you could get time off from your present job, could you? "tom's heart suddenly jumped. he put a look of careful thought on his face. he didn't have a job. he might have to leave town soon anyway if the police started asking questions. he wanted to leave new york. "i might," he said carefully."i'd be glad to pay for your trip. do you really think you might be able to go - this fall?""i think i might. i'd be glad to see richard again - especially if you think i might be able to help.""i do! i think he'd listen to you. you'll probably succeed where the rest of us have failed. why don't you come over to my house and meet my wife? we'd be so happy if you would go to europe and bring richard back."***"hello, tom, my boy!" mr. greenleaf said in a voice that promised good drinks, an excellent dinner, and a bed for the night in case he got too tired to go home. "emily, this is tom ripley!""i'm so happy to meet you!" his wife said warmly."how do you do, mrs. greenleaf?""mr. ripley's been here before," mr. greenleaf said. "he's come here with richard.""oh, has he? i don't believe i met you, though."about thirty minutes later, they went into the dining-room, where a table was set for three with a dark blue tablecloth and a whole cold chicken.the conversation was dull and the dinner delicious. tom told mrs. greenleaf that he was working for an advertising company called rothenberg, fleming, and barter. later, on purpose, he called it reddington, fleming, and parker. the greenleafs didn't notice the difference."where did you go to college?" mr. greenleaf asked."i went to princeton for a time, then when i visited an aunt in denver i stayed out there and went to college." tom hoped mr. greenleaf would ask him something about princeton, but he didn't. tom could discuss the teaching system, the college rules, the atmosphere at weekend dances, and the political beliefs of the students. he had been very friendly with a princeton student last summer and had asked him for more and more information in case he might be able to use it some time. tom had also met a young man who had been going to the university of colorado. he had told the greenleafs that he had been raised by his aunt dottie in boston. in truth, though, she had taken him to denver when he was sixteen, and he had only finished high school there, but he felt like he had gone to school there as well. after tom had finished high school, they had moved back to boston again.mrs. greenleaf came in with some photographs and tom sat down beside her as she looked through them. richard taking his first step; richard with long, blond curls. the photographs weren't interesting to him until richard was about sixteen. richard had hardly changed between sixteen and twenty-four.mrs. greenleaf handed tom several photos. "these are from europe. this is mongibello," she said, showing tom a picture of dickie in a boat on the sand. "and here's the girl, the only other american who lives there.""marge sherwood," mr. greenleaf said. the girl was in a swimsuit on the beach, her arms around her knees. there was also a good picture of richard in shorts, sitting on the wall of a terrace.tom noticed that mrs. greenleaf was staring down at the floor in front of her. he saw tears in her eyes. mr. greenleaf had told him that mrs. greenleaf was seriously ill and got emotional very easily. she was worried she would never see dickie again. her husband came over to comfort her."mrs. greenleaf," tom said softly, "i want you to know that i'll do everything i can to make dickie come home.""thank you, tom." she pressed tom's hand tightly."emily, don't you think it's time for you to go to bed?" mr. greenleaf asked.tom stood up as mrs. greenleaf did. mr. greenleaf went out of the room with her.tom remained standing, his hands at his sides. in a large mirror on the wall he could see himself: the serious, hard-working young man again. he was doing the right thing, behaving the right way, but he had a feeling of guilt.he felt himself beginning to sweat, and he tried to relax. what was he so worried about? he'd felt so good tonight. it's like a dream, tom thought. in a minute, mr. greenleaf or somebody else would say, "tom, tom!" and he would open his eyes and find himself back in raoul's with a drink in front of him.