gina spoke first. 'darling!' she exclaimed passionately. 'are you all right? the police haven't threatened you, have they?''of course not, gina. what a strange idea! inspector curry was most kind.''so he should be,' said miss believer. 'now, carrie, i've got all your letters here and a parcel.''bring them into the library,' said carrie louise.all four of them went into the library. carrie louise sat down and began opening her letters. there were about twenty or thirty of them.as she opened them, she handed them to miss believer, who sorted them into piles, explaining to miss marple, 'there are three main types. one - from relations of the boys. those i give to dr maverick. letters asking for money i reply to myself. and the rest are personal - and carrie gives me notes on how to deal with them.'the letters finished, mrs serrocold turned to the parcel. inside was an attractive box of chocolates. 'someone must think it's my birthday,' said mrs serrocold with a smile. she opened the box. inside was a visiting card. carrie louise looked at it in surprise. "'with love from alex",' she read. 'how strange for him to post me a box of chocolates on the day he was coming here.'miss marple felt a sudden uneasiness. she said quickly, 'wait, carrie louise. don't eat one yet.'mrs serrocold looked even more surprised.'wait while i ask - is alex here, gina?''he was in the hall just now, i think.' she went across, opened the door, and called him.alex restarick appeared in the doorway. 'my darling! it is so good to see you looking as well as this.' he came across to mrs serrocold and kissed her gently on both cheeks.miss marple said, 'carrie louise wants to thank you for these chocolates.'alex looked surprised. 'but i never sent you any chocolates, darling.''the box has got your card in,' said miss believer.alex looked down. 'so it has. how very strange. i certainly didn't send them.''they look very good' said gina. 'look, grandma, there are your favourite cherry liqueur ones.'miss marple gently took the box away from her. without a word she left the room and went to find lewis serrocold. she found him in dr maverick's room in the college. she put the box on the table in front of him. as he listened to her, his face grew hard.'we must get them tested for poison immediately,' said dr maverick.'it seems incredible,' said miss marple. 'everyone in the house might have been poisoned!'lewis nodded. his face was still white and hard. 'yes. this is - it is not human-'miss marple said quietly, 'if there is poison in these chocolates, then i'm afraid carrie louise will have to know what is going on. she must be warned.'lewis serrocold said heavily, 'yes. she will have to know that someone wants to kill her. i think that she will find it almost impossible to believe.'