mrs serrocold sat up in the big bed. she looked very small and childlike. her cheeks had lost their pink flush, and her eyes seemed very far away. she took the soup obediently. 'first, christian,' said carrie louise, 'and now alex - and poor, silly little ernie. did he really know anything?''i think he was just telling lies,' miss marple said as she sat down in a chair beside the bed. 'making himself important by saying he had seen something. but somebody believed his lies.' carrie louise shivered. her eyes went back to their faraway look.'we meant to do so much for these boys. we did do something. some of them have done wonderfully well. several of them are in really responsible jobs. a few failed - that can't be helped. modern life is so complicated - too complicated for some simple and undeveloped characters. you know lewis's great scheme? he always felt that transportation was a thing that had saved many criminals in the past. they were shipped overseas - and they made new lives in simpler surroundings. he wants to start a modern programme like that. he wants to buy a group of islands, to finance it for some years, then make it a self-supporting co-operative - with everyone taking a share in it. but far away from the bad old ways of the cities. it's his dream. but it will take a lot of money.'miss marple picked up a little pair of scissors and looked at them closely. 'what a strange pair of scissors,' she said. 'they've got two finger holes on one side and one on the other.'carrie louise's eyes came back from that frightening far distance. 'alex gave them to me this morning,' she said. 'they're supposed to make it easier to cut your right hand nails. dear boy, he was so enthusiastic. he made me try them.''and i suppose he collected the nail clippings and took them away,' said miss marple.'yes,' said carrie louise. 'he...' she stopped. 'why did you say that?''i was thinking about alex. he had brains. yes, he had brains.''you mean - that's why he died?''i think so - yes.''he and ernie.'and then carrie louise said quietly and unexpectedly, 'how much do you know, jane?'miss marple looked up quickly. the eyes of the two women met.miss marple said slowly, 'if i was quite sure.''i think you are sure, jane.''what do you want me to do?' jane marple asked.carrie leaned back against her pillows. 'it is in your hands, jane - you'll do what you think right.' she closed her eyes.'tomorrow,' miss marple hesitated, 'i shall have to try and talk to inspector curry - if he'll listen.'chapter twenty onemiss marple stood in the great hall and asked the inspector to stand beside her. 'it's something i want to show you. something alex restarick made me see. it's a question of magic tricks. they do it with mirrors, you know - that sort of thing - if you understand me.'inspector curry did not understand. he wondered if miss marple was quite right in the head.'i want you to think of this place as a stage set, inspector. as it was on the night christian gulbrandsen was killed. you're here in the audience, looking at the people on the stage. mrs serrocold and myself and mrs strete, and gina and stephen - and just like on the stage there are entrances and exits and the characters go out to different places. only, when you're in the audience, you don't think where they are really going. they go out "to the front door" or "to the kitchen" and when the door opens you see a little bit of painted scenery. but really of course they go out to the sides of the stage - or the back of the stage with carpenters and electricians, and other characters waiting to come on. they go out - to a different world.''i don't quite see, miss marple.''oh, i know - i suppose it sounds very silly - but if you think of this as a play and the scene is "the great hall at stonygates" - what exactly is behind the scene? i mean - what is behind the stage? the terrace - isn't it? the terrace and a lot of windows opening on to it.'and that, you see, is how the magic trick was done. it was the trick of the lady cut in half that made me think of it.''the lady cut in half?' inspector curry was now quite sure that miss marple was mad.'a most exciting magic trick. you must have seen it - only not really one girl but two girls. the head of one and the feet of the other. it looks like one person and is really two. and so i thought it could equally be the other way about. two people could be really one person.''two people really one?' inspector curry looked desperate.'yes. not for long. how long did your constable take in the garden to run to this house and back? two minutes and forty-five seconds, wasn't it? this would be less than that. well under two minutes.''what was under two minutes?''the magic trick. the trick when it wasn't two people but one person. in there - in the study. we're only looking at the visible part of the stage. behind the scenes there is the terrace and a row of windows. so easy when there are two people in the study to open the study window, get out, run along the terrace - those footsteps alex heard - in at the side door, shoot christian gulbrandsen and run back. during that time, the other person in the study does both voices so that we're all quite sure there are two people in there. and so there were most of the time, but not for that little period of under two minutes.'inspector curry found his breath and his voice. 'do you mean that it was edgar lawson who ran along the terrace and shot gulbrandsen? edgar lawson who poisoned mrs serrocold?''but you see, inspector, no one has been poisoning mrs serrocold at all. that's where the misdirection comes in. someone very cleverly used the fact that mrs serrocold's pains from arthritis were not unlike the symptoms of arsenic poisoning. it's the old magician's trick of forcing a card on you. it is easy to add arsenic to a bottle of medicine - easy to add a few lines to a typewritten letter. but the real reason for mr gulbrandsen's coming here was the most likely reason - something to do with the gulbrandsen trust. money, in fact. suppose that there had been embezzlement - embezzlement on a very big scale - you see where that points? to just one person.'inspector curry gasped, 'lewis serrocold?' he said in disbelief.'lewis serrocold.' said miss marple.chapter twenty twopart of a letter from gina hudd to her aunt mrs van rydock: - and so you see, darling aunt ruth, the whole thing has been just like a nightmare - especially the end of it. i've told you all about this funny man edgar lawson. he always behaved like a rabbit - and when the inspector began questioning him and breaking him down, he lost his nerve completely and ran like a rabbit. he jumped out of the window and ran round the house and down the drive and there was a policeman waiting, and edgar just turned to one side and ran full speed for the lake. he jumped into an old boat that has been lying there falling apart for years - and he pushed off. quite a mad, senseless thing to do, of course, but as i say, he was just a rabbit in a panic. and then lewis gave a great shout and said 'that boat's got a hole in it,' and raced off to the lake, too. the boat went down and there was edgar struggling in the water. he couldn't swim. lewis jumped in and swam out to him. he got to him but they were both in difficulty because they'd become caught among the reeds. one of the inspector's men went in with a rope round him, but he got trapped in the reeds, too and they had to pull him out. aunt mildred said 'they'll drown - they'll drown - they'll both drown' in a silly sort of way, and grandma just said 'yes.' i can't describe to you just how she made that one word sound. just 'yes' and it went through you like - like a knife.am i being silly and dramatic? i suppose i am. but it did sound like that.and then - when it was all over, and they got them out, the inspector came to us and said to grandma, 'i'm afraid, mrs serrocold, there's no hope.'grandma said very quietly, 'thank you, inspector.'then she looked at us all. me wanting to help, hut not knowing how, and jolly, looking grim and tender and ready to take care as usual, and stephen reaching out his hands, and funny old miss marple looking so sad, and tired, and even walter looking upset. all so fond of her and wanting to do something.but grandma just said 'mildred.' and aunt mildred said 'mother.' and they went away together into the house, grandma looking so small and frail and leaning on aunt mildred. i never realized, until then, how fond of each other they were. it didn't show much, you know, but it was there all the time.gina paused and sucked the end of her pen. she started again:about me and walter - we're coming back to the states as soon as we can.chapter twenty three'what made you guess, jane?'miss marple took her time before answering. she looked thoughtfully at the other two - carrie louise, thinner and frailer and yet strangely untouched - and the old man with the sweet smile and the thick white hair. dr galbraith, bishop of cromer.the bishop took carrie louise's hand in his. 'this has been a great sadness for you, my poor child, and a great shock.''sadness, yes, but not really a shock.''no,' said miss marple. 'that's what i discovered, you know. everyone kept saying how carrie louise lived in another world from this and was out of touch with reality. but actually, carrie louise, it was reality you were in touch with, and not the illusion. you are never fooled by illusion like most of us are. when i suddenly understood that, i saw that i must trust what you thought and felt. you were quite sure that no one would try to poison you, you couldn't believe it - and you were quite right not to believe it, because it wasn't so! you never believed that edgar would harm lewis - and again you were right. he never would have harmed lewis.'so therefore, if i was to go by you, all the things that seemed to be true were only illusions. illusions created for a reason - in the same way that magicians create illusions, to trick an audience. we were the audience.'alex restarick got an idea of the truth first because he had the chance of seeing things from a different angle - from the outside angle. he was with the inspector in the drive, and he looked at the house and realized the possibilities of the windows - and he remembered the sound of running feet he had heard that night, and then the timing of the constable showed him what a very short time things take. the constable got very breathless, and later, thinking of that, i remembered that lewis serrocold was out of breath that night when he opened the study door. he had just been running hard, you see.'but it was edgar lawson that was the centre of it all to me. there was always something wrong to me about edgar lawson. all the things he said and did were exactly right for what he was supposed to be, but he himself wasn't right. because he was actually a normal young man playing the part of a schizophrenic - and he was always a little more theatrical than is true to life.'it must have all been very carefully planned. lewis must have realized when christian last visited that something had made him suspicious. and he knew that if christian suspected anything, then he would not stop until he had discovered the whole truth.'carrie louise said, 'yes, christian was like that. i don't know what it was that had made him suspicious but he started investigating - and he found out the truth.'the bishop said, 'i blame myself for not having been a better trustee.''nobody expected you to understand finance,' said carrie louise. 'lewis's great financial experience gave him complete control. and it was a test of honesty that he failed.' the pink colour came up in her cheeks. 'lewis was a great man,' she said. 'a man of great vision, and a passionate believer in what could be done - with money. he didn't want it for himself - or at least not in the greedy sense - he did want the power of it - he wanted the power to do great good with it.''and so he embezzled the trust funds?' said miss marple.dr galbraith hesitated. 'it wasn't only that.''tell her,' said carrie louise. 'she is my oldest friend.'the bishop said, 'lewis serrocold was what one might call a financial expert. in his years of highly technical accountancy, he had amused himself by working out various methods of embezzlement which were almost impossible to detect. this had just been a game for his own entertainment, but then he saw what could be done with a huge sum of money. and it stopped being a game. you see, he had some first-class material to use. amongst the boys who passed through here, he chose a small select group. they were boys who were naturally criminal, who loved excitement and who were very intelligent. we still don't know everything, but it seems clear that this group was specially trained and were placed in key positions. by carrying out lewis's directions, very large sums of money were stolen without anybody being suspicious. i understand that the operations are so complicated that it will be months before they can all be uncovered. but the result seems to be that, under various names and banking accounts and companies, lewis serrocold would have been able to control a huge sum of money. he was going to establish an overseas colony where juvenile delinquents would eventually come to own and rule the place as a co-operative. it may have been a wild dream.''it was a dream that might have come true,' said carrie louise.'yes, it might have come true. but the means lewis serrocold used were dishonest, and christian gulbrandsen discovered that. he was very upset, particularly by what the discovery and prosecution of lewis would mean to you, carrie louise.''that's why he asked me if my heart was strong, and seemed so worried about my health,' said carrie louise. 'i couldn't understand it.''then lewis serrocold returned,' the bishop continued, 'and christian met him outside the house and told him that he knew what was happening. lewis took it calmly, i think. both men agreed they must do all they could to save you from the pain this knowledge would bring you. christian said he would write to me and ask me to come here, as a co-trustee, to discuss the position.''but of course,' said miss marple, 'lewis serrocold had already prepared for this emergency. it was all planned. he had brought the young man who was to play the part of edgar lawson to the house. there was a real edgar lawson - of course - in case the police looked up his record. this false edgar knew exactly what he had to do - act the part of a schizophrenic victim of persecution - and give lewis serrocold an alibi for a few vital minutes.'the next step had been carefully planned too. lewis's story that you, carrie louise, were being slowly poisoned, was very clever. there was nobody but lewis who could say what christian had told him - that, and a few lines he added on the typewriter while he was waiting for the police. it was easy to add arsenic to the medicine. no danger for you there - since he was ready to stop you drinking it. the chocolates were just an added touch - and of course the original chocolates weren't poisoned - only those he poisoned before giving them to inspector curry.''and alex guessed,' said carrie louise.'yes - that's why he collected your nail clippings. they would show if arsenic actually had been given over a long period.''poor alex - poor ernie.'there was a moment's silence as the other two thought of christian gulbrandsen, of alex restarick, and of the boy ernie - and the terrible act of murder.'but surely,' said the bishop, 'lewis was taking a big risk in persuading edgar to be his accomplice - even if he had some power over him-'carrie shook her head. 'it wasn't exactly a hold over him. edgar was devoted to lewis.''yes,' said miss marple. 'i wonder perhaps if...' she paused delicately.'you saw the likeness, i suppose?' said carrie louise.'so you knew that all along?''i guessed. i knew lewis had once had an affair with an actress, before he met me. i've no doubt at all that edgar was actually lewis's son.''yes,' said miss marple. 'that explains everything.''and he gave his life for him in the end,' said carrie louise. she looked at the bishop. 'he did, you know.'there was a silence and then carrie louise said, 'i'm glad it ended that way with his life given in the hope of saving the boy from drowning. people who can be very good can be very bad, too. i always knew that was true about lewis. but - he loved me very much - and i loved him.''did you - ever suspect him?' asked miss marple.'no,' said carrie louise. 'because i was puzzled by the poisoning. i knew lewis would never poison me and yet that letter of christian's said definitely that someone was poisoning me - so i thought that everything i knew about people must be wrong.'miss marple said, 'but when alex and ernie were found killed. you suspected then?''yes,' said carrie louise. 'because i didn't think anyone else but lewis would have dared. and i began to be afraid of what he might do next.' she shivered. 'i admired lewis. i admired his - what shall i call it - his goodness? but i do see that if you're good, you have to be humble as well.'dr galbraith said gently, 'that, carrie louise, is what i have always admired in you - your humility.'the lovely blue eyes opened wide in surprise. 'but i'm not particularly good. i can only admire goodness in other people.''dear carrie louise,' said miss marple.