marcus appeared, smiling his usual friendly welcome for victoria. 'you do not come to my hotel for two weeks. why is that? you lunch here today?'clearly, the kidnapping of victoria had not been noticed. possibly edward had not been to the police.'is mr dakin in baghdad, do you know, marcus?' she asked.'mr dakin - ah yes, very nice man - of course, he is a friend of yours. he was here yesterday.''do you know where his office is?''sure i know. everybody knows the iraqi iranian oil company.''well, i want to go there now. in a taxi.'marcus immediately shouted at a servant to get a taxi. then marcus took victoria out and instructed the driver.'and can i have a room?' victoria asked.'yes, yes. i can give you a beautiful room and i order you a big steak - very special. and before that we can have a little drink.''lovely,' said victoria. 'oh marcus, can you lend me some money?''of course, my dear. here you are.'the taxi started off suddenly with a noisy honk of its horn and victoria fell back on the seat holding coins and notes.five minutes later victoria entered the offices of the iraqi iranian oil company.mr dakin rose from his desk and shook her hand as she was shown in.'miss - er - miss jones, isn't it? bring coffee, abdullah.' as the door closed behind the clerk, victoria said quietly, 'there's something i've got to tell you at once - before anything more happens to me.''happens to you? has anything happened to you?''don't you know?' asked victoria. 'hasn't edward told you?''no.''that jealous catherine!''pardon!''i bet she told edward some silly story and the idiot believed her.''well, let's hear about it,' said mr dakin. 'er - if i may say so,' his eye went to victoria's blonde head, 'i prefer you as a brunette.''that's only part of it,' said victoria.there was a knock at the door and abdullah entered with little cups of sweet coffee.when he had gone, victoria began the story of her adventures. she finished by telling him about the red scarf carmichael had dropped and how she connected it with madame defarge - and the idea that a message was knitted into the scarf.'i think,' said dakin, his eyes shining with excitement, 'that this is the first real success we've had. where is the scarf?''with the rest of my things - when i packed, i put everything in.''and you never mentioned to anyone that that scarf belonged to carmichael?''no, i'd forgotten about it.''then it ought to be all right. even if they've searched your things, they won't have seen any importance in an old scarf. all we've got to do is have your things collected.''i've booked a room at the tio - but do you want me to go back to the olive branch?'dakin looked at her with interest. 'are you scared?'victoria lifted her head. she had to earn her pay and show a brave face! 'i'll go if you like,' she said with a determination she did not feel.'no. someone learned why you were there. you'd better stay away.' he smiled. 'otherwise you may be a redhead next time i see you.''that's what i want to know most of all,' cried victoria. 'why did they dye my hair? i can't see any reason. can you?''only so your dead body might be less easy to identify.''but if they wanted me dead, why didn't they kill me immediately?''that's the question i wish we could answer most of all, victoria. and i haven't got a clue.''talking of clues,' said victoria, 'do you remember my saying that there was something about sir rupert crofton lee that didn't seem right, that morning at the tio?''yes.''you didn't know him personally, did you?''no.''i thought not. because, you see, the man you met wasn't sir rupert crofton lee.'and she began another story, starting with the boil on sir rupert's neck.'so that was how it was done,' said dakin. 'carmichael got safely to crofton lee, but it was the crofton lee impersonator who stabbed him. victoria, i want you to write to edward now. say you're at the tio and ask him to bring your luggage. i'm going to see dr rathbone this morning about one of his meetings. it will be easy for me to quietly pass a note to his secretary personally - so there will be no danger of your enemy catherine 'losing' it.'chapter twenty onevictoria sat on the balcony of the tio hotel, once more in the role of a modern juliet, waiting for romeo. and soon enough romeo appeared below, looking around.'edward,' victoria called.edward looked up. 'oh, there you are!'a moment later he came out upon the balcony - and stared at her in a puzzled way. 'i say, victoria, haven't you done something to your hair?'victoria gave a troubled sigh.'i liked it better as it was,' said edward.'tell catherine so!''catherine? what has she got to do with it?''everything,' said victoria. 'you told me to make friends with her, and i did, and i don't suppose you've any idea what trouble it got me into!''well, catherine said you'd told her to tell me that you'd gone off to mosul. it was very important and good news, and i would hear from you as soon as you could manage.''and you believed that?' said victoria. how could he be so silly? 'you didn't think that catherine might be lying, and that i'd been knocked on the head.''what?' edward stared.'chloroformed.''good lord!' edward looked quickly around. 'i don't think we should talk out here. can't we go to your room?''all right. did you bring my luggage?''yes, i left it with the porter.''because i haven't had a change of clothes for two weeks...''victoria, what has been happening? i know - i've got the car here. let's go out to devonshire.''devonshire?' victoria stared in surprise.'oh, it's just a name for a place not far out of baghdad. it's lovely this time of year. come on. i haven't been alone with you for so long.'they ran down the stairs and out to where edward's car was parked. edward drove south along a wide road. then he turned off and they bumped through the fields of palm trees and over little bridges. finally they came to some fruit trees which were just beginning to flower. it was beautiful - and beyond the woods was the tigris.they got out and walked through the flowering trees.'this is lovely,' said victoria sighing deeply.the air was soft and warm. after a while they sat down on a fallen tree with pink flowers above their heads.'now, darling,' said edward. 'tell me what's been happening to you. i've been so horribly miserable.''have you?' she smiled dreamily.then she told him. of the hairdresser, the chloroform - and waking up. of how she had escaped and her lucky meeting with richard baker, and pretending to be an anthropologist arriving from england.at this point edward shouted with laughter.'you are marvellous, victoria! the things you think of- and invent.''i know,' said victoria. 'my uncles: dr pauncefoot jones and before him - the bishop.'and she suddenly remembered what she had been going to ask edward at basrah when mrs clayton had called them in for drinks.'i meant to ask you before,' she said. 'how did you know about the bishop?'she felt his hand go tense. he said quickly, 'why, you told me, didn't you?'it was strange, victoria thought afterwards, that one silly mistake should have done what it did. for he was taken by surprise, he had no story ready - his face was suddenly unguarded and his hidden lies were so easy to read.as she looked at him, everything changed and she saw the truth. perhaps it was not really sudden. perhaps, pushed deep down in her mind beneath all the excitement and glamour, the question had been worrying her - how did edward know about the bishop?and she had been slowly arriving at the only answer - edward had not learned about the bishop of llangow from her. and the only other person he could have learned it from was mr or mrs hamilton clipp. but they had not seen edward since her arrival in baghdad because edward had been in basrah, so he must have learned it from them before he left england. he must have known all the time that victoria was coming out to baghdad with them - and the whole wonderful coincidence was not, after all, a coincidence.it had been planned.and as she stared at edward's face, she knew, suddenly, what carmichael had meant by lucifer. she knew what he had seen that day as he looked along the passage to the consulate garden. he had seen that young, beautiful face that she was looking at now - for it was beautiful, just like lucifer, son of the morning, was also beautiful.not dr rathbone - it had been edward! edward, playing the part of the secretary, but controlling and planning and directing everything, using rathbone as a cover-up.as she looked at that beautiful evil face, all her silly, childish love slowly disappeared, and she knew that what she felt for edward had never been love. it had been attraction and excitement. and edward had never loved her. he had used his charm deliberately. he had chatted to her that day, using his charm so easily, so naturally, that she had believed him immediately. she had been a fool.it was extraordinary how much could flash through your mind in just a few seconds. you didn't have to think about it. it just came. full and immediate knowledge. perhaps because really, underneath, you had known it all along...suddenly victoria knew, instinctively, that she was in great danger. there was only one thing that could save her, only one thing she could say. 'you knew all the time that i was coming out here! you must have arranged it. oh edward, you are wonderful!'her face showed one emotion - adoration. and she saw the scorn, the relief. she could almost feel edward saying to himself, 'the little fool! she'll believe anything! i can do what i like with her.''but how did you arrange it?' she said. 'you must be very powerful. you must be quite different from what you pretend to be. you're - you're like a king of babylon.'she saw the pride in his face. she saw the power and strength and beauty and cruelty that had been hidden behind his mask of a modest, likeable young man.she said quickly and anxiously, as a final artistic touch, 'but you do love me, don't you?'his scorn was clear to see now. this little fool - all women were fools! it was so easy to make them think you loved them and that was all they cared about! they had no idea of greatness, of a new world, they just wanted love! they were slaves and you used them as slaves.'of course i love you,' he said.'but what is it all about, edward?''it's a new world, victoria. a new world that we can create from the ruins of the old.''tell me.'he told her the dream: how the old powers must destroy each other. how the fat capitalists holding on to all their money and the stupid communists who hated all ideas but their own, must destroy each other. there must be total war between america and russia - total destruction of both. and then the new heaven and the new earth would appear. the small chosen group of superior beings -the scientists, the agricultural experts, the administrators- the young men like edward - the young men of the new world. all young, all believing in their rule as supermen. when the destruction was complete, they would step in and take control.it was madness.'but think,' said victoria, 'of all the people who will be killed.''that doesn't matter,' said edward.but surely, victoria thought, all the ordinary people working quietly, bringing up families and laughing and crying, they were the people who did matter. not these angels with evil faces who didn't care who they hurt.and carefully, for she knew that death might be very near, victoria said, 'you are wonderful, edward. but what can i do?''you want to help? you believe in it?'she had to be careful. a sudden change would be too much.'i think i just believe in you!' she said. 'anything you tell me to do, edward, i'll do.''good girl.''why did you arrange for me to come out here? there must have been a reason.''of course. do you remember i took a photo of you that day?''i remember,' said victoria.'i couldn't believe how much you look like a woman who's been causing us a lot of trouble. i took that photo to make sure.''who is it?''anna scheele.'victoria stared at him in surprise. whatever she had expected, it was not this.'you mean anna scheele looks like me?''quite remarkably so - and you're alike in height and size, though she's five years older than you. the real difference is the hair, you're a brunette and she's a blonde. your eyes are a darker blue, but that wouldn't matter with sunglasses.''and that's why you wanted me to come to baghdad? because i looked like her.''yes.''so you arranged the whole thing. the clipps - who are the clipps?''they're not important - they just do as they're told.' something in edward's voice made victoria shudder. edward, she thought, believes he is god. that's what's so frightening.'anna scheele is incredibly good with finances,' edward was saying. 'she's found out about our financial operations. she knows how we are moving our money and what we are using it for. three people have been dangerous to us - rupert crofton lee and carmichael - well, they're both dead. anna scheele is the only one left. she said she would be in baghdad for the conference in three days' time. but she's disappeared.''disappeared? where?''we've an idea,' said edward. 'we've got someone watching every entry into this country. we know she won't use her own name - but there is a passage booked by boac in the name of grete harden. we've checked on grete harden - and there's no such person. the name and the address are fake. we think that grete harden is anna scheele.'he added, 'her plane will land at damascus the day after tomorrow.''and then?'edward's eyes looked suddenly into hers. 'you'll take her place, victoria.'like rupert crofton lee, victoria thought - and he had died. and when victoria took her place, anna scheele would die.and if for one moment edward doubted her loyalty, then victoria would die.she must agree - and then find a way to report to mr dakin.she took a deep breath, 'oh, edward, i'd be discovered. my voice won't sound the same as hers.''anna scheele will be suffering from a serious throat infection. our doctor will say so.''then what would i have to do?' victoria asked.'fly from damascus to baghdad as grete harden. go to bed immediately. then the doctor will give you permission to get up just in time to go to the conference. there, before the world's leaders, you will present our papers in place of anna scheele's.''what will the documents say?'edward smiled. 'details that prove the most terrifying and huge communist plot in america.'victoria thought: how well they've planned it.victoria asked, 'what about dr rathbone?'edward smiled in cruel amusement. 'rathbone has been stealing most of the money which comes to him from all over the world. he's dishonest - and completely in our control. all things work towards our new order.'victoria thought to herself, 'edward is mad! you get mad, perhaps, if you try and act the part of god. humility is what keeps you human...'edward got up. 'time to go. we've got to get you to damascus.'***in the suburbs of baghdad, edward drove into a side street of modern, european-style villas with balconies and gardens round them. in front of one house a big car was standing. edward stopped behind it.a thin, dark-skinned woman came out to meet them and edward spoke to her in french - it seemed that victoria's clothes must be changed at once.the woman turned to her and said politely in french, 'come with me, please.'she led victoria into a bedroom where, lying on a bed, were the long, black clothes of a nun. the woman made a sign, and victoria undressed and put them on. the french woman put a string of wooden beads over her head. then victoria was sent out to edward.'you look all right,' he said in approval. 'keep your eyes down when there are men about.'the frenchwoman joined them, dressed in the same way. the two nuns got into the car which now had a tall european in the driver's seat.'do exactly as you are told now, victoria,' said edward.there was danger behind the words.'aren't you coming, edward?' victoria begged.he smiled at her. 'you'll see me in three days.' then, in his charming way, he said quietly, 'don't fail me, darling. only you can do this - i love you, victoria. it's too dangerous to kiss a nun - but i'd like to.'victoria dropped her eyes like a good nun should, but actually it was to hide her anger.'horrible traitor,' she thought.'don't worry,' edward added. 'your new name is sister marie. sister therese here has all the papers for the syrian border.'he stepped back, waved cheerfully, and the car started off.victoria had noticed that 'sister therese' had hidden a small gun in her sleeve. but there would be a moment victoria could no longer be controlled - when she was standing with her fake documents in front of the conference - and edward would not be there.no one could stop her then from saying, 'i am not anna scheele and these papers are untrue.'she wondered why edward did not fear her doing just that.***the big aeroplane made a perfect landing. the passengers going on from london to basrah were separated from those who were catching a connecting plane to baghdad.there were four of these: a rich-looking iraqi businessman, a young english doctor and two women. a dark-skinned woman with a tired face answered the airport officer's questions first.'mrs pauncefoot jones? british. yes. to join your husband in baghdad, please? what money have you?'a thin, fair-haired young woman wearing dark glasses took her turn next.'grete harden. yes. nationality? danish. from london. purpose of visit? nurse at hospital. what money have you?'the passengers were told that the baghdad plane would leave that afternoon. they would be driven now to a hotel for a rest and lunch.grete harden was sitting on her bed when a knock came on the door. she opened it and found a tall, dark-haired young woman wearing a boac uniform.'i'm so sorry, miss harden. would you come with me to the boac office? there is a difficulty with your ticket. this way, please.'grete harden followed her guide down the passage. on a door was a large board lettered in gold - boac office.the air hostess opened the door and directed her inside. as grete harden went through, she closed the door and quickly took down the board.as soon as grete harden entered the room, two men put a cloth over her head, forced a ball of cloth into her mouth, and one of them, a doctor, gave her an injection.her body relaxed immediately.the doctor said cheerfully, 'that will keep her unconscious for about six hours. now then, you two, hurry up.'he nodded towards two other people in the room. they were nuns. the men went out and the elder of the two nuns went to grete harden and began to take the clothes off her still body. the younger nun, shaking a little, started to undress. soon she was wearing grete harden's clothes.the two men came in again, and now they were smiling.'grete harden looks just like anna scheele,' one said. 'and she had the papers in her luggage to prove it. now then, miss harden,' he bowed to victoria, laughing at her, 'come with me.'the baghdad plane left at three o'clock. the flight was short and for the second time, victoria saw the city below her, the tigris dividing it in a line of gold.in two days the two great powers of the world, russia and america, would meet to discuss the future.and she would have a part to play.chapter twenty two'you know,' said richard baker, 'i'm worried about that girl.' dr pauncefoot jones said, 'what girl?''victoria.''victoria?' dr pauncefoot jones looked about. 'my goodness, we came back without her yesterday, didn't we?''i wondered if you had noticed,' said richard.'very wrong of me. didn't she know where to find the lorry?''she wasn't planning to come back here,' said richard frowning. 'but she went off in a car with a young man, it seems, and she didn't come back. what's more, she hadn't opened her luggage. that seems very strange to me. and we had agreed to meet for lunch. i hope nothing's happened to her.''oh, i'm sure she's fine,' said dr pauncefoot jones comfortably. 'they've kidnapped her once,' said richard. 'what's to prevent them kidnapping her again? would you mind, sir, if i went into baghdad again tomorrow? i'm worried about that girl. i really am.'dr pauncefoot jones suddenly gave his colleague his full attention. 'dear me, richard, i had no idea that you had that kind of interest in her. of course, victoria is most attractive. you've got good taste, richard, i will admit that.''there's nothing of that kind,' said richard, going red and looking even more superior than usual. 'i'm just - er - worried about her. i must go back to baghdad.'***'you!' said victoria with dislike.taken up to her room in the babylonian palace hotel in baghdad, the first person she saw was catherine dressed as a nurse.catherine nodded with equal hatred.'yes. it is i, you stupid english girl. edward has never cared for you,' she continued full of scorn. 'it is me edward loves!'looking at her hard, fanatical face, victoria said, 'anybody could do your hospital nurse act. the whole thing depends on me doing mine. i'm indispensable.'catherine whispered with hatred, 'nobody is indispensable.'***the telephone rang and was quickly answered.'american embassy. how can i help?''this is dr smallbrook,' the caller repeated, as soon as a suitably important embassy official had been called to the phone. 'i am looking after miss scheele who has a serious throat infection. miss scheele has some important papers with her and would like some responsible person from the embassy to come to the babylonian palace hotel and collect them. immediately. thank you. i will be waiting for you.'***victoria turned from the mirror. she was wearing an expensive, well-made suit. every blonde hair was carefully styled. she felt nervous but excited.as she turned, she caught a nasty look in catherine's eyes and was suddenly on her guard.'what are you so pleased about?''soon you will see.' catherine's hatred was ugly. 'you think you are so clever. you think everything depends on you. pah! you are a fool.'a knock came on the door.'now you will see!' cried catherine.the door opened and a man came in. he was dressed in the uniform of the international police. he locked the door behind him. then he turned towards victoria. as he looked at her, she saw that the heavy wooden stick carried by the police was already in his hand. she knew then what catherine meant - what the real plan was. they had never intended her to play the part of anna scheele at the conference. how could they risk that? no, the plan had always been that anna scheele would be killed at the last moment - killed in such a way that her face would not be recognizable. only the fake papers would remain.victoria screamed. and with a smile, the man came towards her.there was the crash of a breaking window - a heavy hand sent victoria down on to the floor - she saw stars - and blackness. then out of the blackness a wonderful english voice said, 'are you all right, miss?'***the telephone rang and dakin picked it up.an english voice said, 'operation victoria was successful''good,' said dakin.'we've got catherine and the doctor. the other man was fatally injured.''no news still of the real anna scheele?''no news at all'dakin put down the phone.he was very glad to hear that victoria was all right. but anna herself, dakin thought, must be dead. she had refused all help, had gone her own way - though she had repeated that she would be in baghdad without fail on the 19th. today was the 19th and there was no anna scheele. perhaps she had been right not to trust the official organization - but apparently her own intelligence had been no better.and without anna scheele, the evidence was not complete.a messenger came in with a note: mr richard baker and mrs pauncefoot jones are here to see you about carmichael.'show them in,' said dakin.richard baker and mrs pauncefoot jones came in. baker said, 'i was at school with a man i knew as henry "fakir" carmichael. when i was at basrah a few weeks ago, i met him in the consulate waiting room, dressed as an arab. does this interest you?''very much,' said dakin.'carmichael was attacked and ran away but before he went, he slipped something into my pocket. the other day i learnt from victoria jones that he was dead - and you were the right person to deliver this to.'he placed the dirty chit on dakin's desk.dakin sighed deeply.'this means more than you can possibly imagine.' he got up. 'i'm very grateful to you, baker. forgive me, but there is a lot i have to do without wasting a minute.'he shook hands with mrs pauncefoot jones saying, 'i suppose you are joining your husband at the dig. i hope you have a good season.''it's a good thing pauncefoot jones didn't come into baghdad with me,' said richard. 'he would probably have noticed the difference between his wife and his wife's sister.'mrs pauncefoot jones said in a low, pleasant voice, 'my sister elsie is still in england. i dyed my hair black and came out on her passport. my sister's name before she married was elsie scheele. my name, mr dakin, is anna scheele.'chapter twenty threebaghdad had been transformed. american and russian police lined the streets as the news went round. the president of the united states and the russian leader were in baghdad. they were in the regent's palace.at last the great conference had begun.'what makes me sad,' said victoria, sitting on the terrace overlooking the river at the tio hotel, 'is that poor woman who got killed in my place in damascus.''oh! she's all right,' said mr dakin cheerfully. 'as soon as your plane had taken off, we arrested the french woman and took grete harden to hospital. she was one of our people of course.''was she?''yes, when anna scheele disappeared, we thought it might be a good idea to give the other side something to think about. so we booked a ticket for grete harden - and gave her false papers showing she was anna scheele.''and the real anna scheele came out as mrs pauncefoot jones.''yes. anna is a very clever young woman.''i really thought i was going to die,' said victoria. 'but your people were watching over me.''all the time. your edward wasn't quite so clever as he thought. actually we had been watching edward goring for some time. when you told me your story, the night carmichael was killed, i was very worried about you. the best thing i could think of was to send you in as a spy. if your edward knew that you were in touch with me, you'd be reasonably safe. you'd be too valuable to kill because he'd be using you to find out what we were doing. and he could also pass on false information to us through you. but then you told him you knew about the false rupert crofton lee, and edward decided it would be better to keep you safely out of the way until you were needed for the impersonation of anna scheele. yes, victoria, you're very lucky to be sitting where you are now.''i know i am.' victoria looked at him steadily. 'next time i fall in love, it won't be for excitement and good looks. i'd like a real man - not one who says pretty things to me. i don't mind if he's bald or wears glasses. i'd like him to be interesting - and know about interesting things.''about thirty-five or fifty-five?' asked mr dakin.victoria looked surprised. 'oh, thirty-five.''i am so happy. i thought for a moment you were offering to marry me.'victoria laughed. 'and was there a message knitted into the scarf?''there was a name. the scarf and the chit were the two halves of the clue. the scarf gave us the name of sheikh hussein el ziyara of kerbela. he and carmichael had been friends since they were children. the chit, when treated with chemicals, gave us the code words to persuade the sheikh to give us carmichael's proof - a packet of microfilms.''and it was carried through the country by those two wandering cinema men - the ones we actually met?''yes. they met him when he came down from the mountains. he spent four days crossing the desert in their company. simple, well-known men. nothing political about them. just carmichael's friends. he had a lot of friends.''he must have been very nice. i'm sorry he's dead.''if there's another life after this, and i fully believe that there is,' said mr dakin, 'he'll have the satisfaction of knowing that his courage has saved this sad old world from a fresh attack of war and misery. all the evidence that he and sir rupert and anna scheele collected is now before the president of america and the premier of the ussr.''it's strange, isn't it,' said victoria thoughtfully, 'that richard had one half of the secret and i had the other. it almost seems as though...''as though it were meant to be,' finished mr dakin with a twinkle in his eye. 'and what are you going to do next, may i ask?''i will have to find a job,' said victoria. 'i must start looking.''don't look too hard,' said mr dakin. 'i think a job is coming towards you.'he walked away to make room for richard baker.'look here, victoria,' said richard. 'venetia savile can't come out to the dig after all. apparently she's ill. you were quite useful out there. would you like to come back? we can only offer to pay for your food, i'm afraid. and probably your passage back to england - but we'll talk about that later. well, what do you say?''oh, do you really want me?' cried victoria.for some reason richard baker went very pink in the face. 'i think,' he said, 'we could find you - er - very useful.''i'd love that,' replied victoria.