inspector bacon said, 'you didn't expect that?''no, not at all. in fact i thought he was the murderer!' there was a moment's silence. then he asked, 'there was a nurse in charge. how did she allow it to happen?''we can't blame her. miss eyelesbarrow was very tired and went to bed for a bit. the nurse had five patients to look after, and old mr crackenthorpe started making a big fuss, so she had to go and quieten him down and then took alfred in some tea. he drank it and that was the end.''arsenic again?''it seems so.''i wonder,' said craddock, 'whether alfred was meant to be the victim?''you mean the tea might have been meant for the old man.''are they sure that the arsenic was in the tea?''no. the nurse washed the cups and everything. but it seems the only likely method.''so,' said craddock, 'one of the patients wasn't as ill as the others? saw his chance and poisoned the cup?''well, there won't be any more of that,' said inspector bacon. 'i've got two men there. are you coming down?''as fast as i can!'lucy eyelesbarrow came across the hall to meet the inspector. she looked pale.'you've been having a bad time,' said craddock.'it's been like a bad dream.''about this curry-''it was the curry?''yes, arsenic was found in it.''then it must be one of the family who did it.''there is no other possibility?''no, you see, i only started making the curry late - after six o'clock - because mr crackenthorpe specially asked for curry.''which of them had the chance to do something to the curry while it was cooking?'lucy thought. 'anyone could have come into the kitchen while i was laying the table in the dining room.''so who was here in the house? mr crackenthorpe, emma, cedric...''harold and alfred. oh, and bryan eastley. but he left just before dinner.''well, look after yourself,' said craddock. 'there's a poisoner in this house, remember, and one of your patients probably isn't as ill as he pretends to be.'lucy went upstairs again after craddock had gone and as she passed mr crackenthorpe's room she heard him calling, 'girl - girl - come here.'lucy entered the room.mr crackenthorpe was sitting up in bed looking very cheerful. 'so alfred won't get any of the money. they've all been waiting for me to die - alfred in particular. now he's dead. that's rather a good joke.' he laughed. 'i'll outlive them all.'chapter twenty onelucy was busy arranging trays to take to the various sick people. she picked up the first one and took it upstairs.'what's this?' said mr crackenthorpe.'tea and rice pudding,' said lucy.'take it away. i told that nurse i wanted meat. what's emma doing? why doesn't she come and see me?''she's still in bed, mr crackenthorpe.''women are so weak. but you're a good strong girl. and i've got a nice store of money and i know who i'm going to spend it on when the time comes.' he smiled and tried to hold her hand.lucy went rather quickly out of the room.the next tray she took in to emma.'oh, thank you, lucy. but i'm worried about your aunt,' she said as lucy put the tray on her knees. 'you haven't had any time to go and see her.''oh, don't worry. she understands how difficult things have been.'but as she went down to fetch the next tray, lucy decided that she would ring miss marple up as soon as she had taken cedric his meal.cedric was sitting up in bed writing. 'hello, lucy, what awful food have you got for me today? i wish you would get rid of that nurse. she calls me "we" for some reason. "and how are we this morning? have we slept well?"''you seem very cheerful,' said lucy. 'and busy. what are you writing?''plans for what to do with this place when the old man dies. if i sell all the land, i'll have more money than i know what to do with.''i thought you disliked money.''of course i dislike money when i haven't got any,' said cedric. 'what a lovely girl you are, lucy, or do i just think so because i haven't seen any good looking women for such a long time?''i expect that's it,' said lucy.before getting her own lunch she went to the telephone and rang up miss marple. 'i'm very sorry i haven't been able to come over, but i've been so busy.''of course, my dear, but there's nothing that can be done just now. and elspeth mcgillicuddy will be home very soon. i wrote to her to come at once.''you don't think...' lucy stopped.'that there will be any more deaths? oh, i hope not. but one never knows, does one? when someone is really evil. i mean.'lucy rang off and took her tray into the small study. she was just finishing her meal when the door opened and bryan eastley came in.'hello,' she said. 'this is very unexpected.''i suppose it is,' said bryan. 'how is everybody?''oh, much better. harold's going back to london tomorrow. have you come to stay?''well, i'd like to, if it won't be too much work for you.''no, we can manage,' said lucy, picking up the tray.'i'll do that,' said bryan, taking it from her. they went into the kitchen together. 'shall i help you wash up? i do like this kitchen. in fact i like this whole house.' he picked up a cloth and began to wipe the spoons and forks. 'it seems a waste, it all going to cedric. he'll just sell it and go abroad again. harold wouldn't want this house either, and of course it's much too big for emma. but if it came to alexander, he and i would be as happy together here as two children. but before alexander could get this place all of them would have to die, and that's not likely, is it?'chapter twenty twothe next day when lucy heard the doorbell ring, she went to answer it, expecting to see the doctor. but it was not the doctor. on the doorstep stood a tall, stylish woman. in the drive was a rolls royce.'can i see miss emma crackenthorpe, please?' it was a pleasant voice, french perhaps.'i'm sorry, miss crackenthorpe is ill and can't see anyone.''i know she has been ill, yes; but it is very important that i see her. you are miss eyelesbarrow, i think. my son has told me about you. i am lady stoddart-west.''oh, i see,' said lucy.lady stoddart-west continued, 'i need to speak to emma because of something that the boys have said to me. please, will you ask her?''come in.' lucy took her visitor into the sitting room, then she went upstairs, knocked on emma's door. 'lady stoddart- west is here. she wants to see you about something the boys have told her.''oh. well... perhaps i ought to see her.'lucy led the visitor upstairs, opened the bedroom door for her to go in and then shut it.lady stoddart-west moved across the room. 'miss crackenthorpe? we have met before, i think, at the sports day at the school.''yes,' said emma, 'please sit down.'lady stoddart-west sat in a chair beside the bed. 'you must think it very strange of me to come like this, but the boys have been very excited about the murder that happened here.'emma said, 'you think we ought to have sent your son home earlier?''no, no, that is not what i think. oh, this is difficult for me! but the boys told me that the police think that the murdered woman may be a french girl whom your eldest brother knew during the war. is that right?''it is possible,' said emma.'but why do they think that she is martine? did she have letters with her?''no. but you see, i had a letter, from this martine.''you had a letter - from martine?''yes, saying she would like to come and see me. i invited her here, but got a message saying she was going back to france. but then an envelope was found here addressed to her, so...'lady stoddart-west said quickly, 'when i heard this, i had to come and tell you something that i never intended to tell you. you see, i am martine dubois.'emma stared at her. 'you! you are martine?''but, yes. i met your brother edmund in the first days of the war. he was staying at our house. we fell in love. we intended to be married, and then edmund was killed. i will not speak to you of that time. but i will say to you that i loved your brother very much... then the germans occupied france and i helped englishmen get from france to england. that was how i met my present husband. he was an air force officer. when the war was over i had a new life and did not want to think about the past.' she paused. 'but it gave me a strange pleasure when i found out that my son's best friend at his school was edmund's nephew.''i can hardly believe it,' said emma, 'that you are the martine that dear edmund told me about. but was it you, then, who wrote to me?'lady stoddart-west shook her head. 'no, no, of course i did not write to you.''then...' emma stopped.'then there was someone pretending to be martine, who wanted perhaps to get money from you? but who can it be? i have never said anything about it since i came to england.' emma said, 'we will have to tell inspector craddock.' she looked with suddenly gentle eyes at her visitor. 'i'm so glad to know you at last, my dear.''and i you.'emma leaned back. 'thank goodness, i don't know who the poor woman was, but if she wasn't martine, then she can't be connected to us!'chapter twenty threethe neat secretary brought harold crackenthorpe his usual afternoon cup of tea.'thanks, miss ellis, i shall be going home early today.''i don't really think you should have come in at all, mr crackenthorpe. you don't look well.''i'm all right,' said harold, but he did not feel well.he shouldn't really have come into the office, but he had wanted to see how the business was going. all this - he looked round him - appeared successful. but now it wouldn't be long before his business failed. if only his father had died instead of alfred, there wouldn't have been anything to worry about.but with alfred gone, the money from his grandfather would be divided not into five shares but into four. looking more cheerful, harold got up, left the office and drove home.darwin, his servant, opened the door. 'her ladyship has just arrived, sir.'for a moment harold stared at him. alice! was it really today that alice was coming back from the riviera? he had forgotten all about it.he had never been in love with her, of course, but her rich family had been useful. though not perhaps as useful as they might have been, because he and alice had never had any children.he went upstairs into the sitting room. 'my dear, how was san raphael?'alice told him how san raphael was. she was a thin woman with sandy-coloured hair, and pale grey eyes. she also asked about her husband's health. 'emma's telegram rather frightened me. i read in the paper the other day of forty people in a hotel getting food poisoning. all these refrigerators are dangerous. people keep things in them too long and forget about them.''possibly,' said harold.'oh, and i nearly forgot to tell you there's a parcel for you on the hall table.''is there? i didn't notice it.' harold went and picked up the parcel, which was small and very carefully wrapped. he took it back into the sitting room where he opened it. inside was a small pill box with 'two to be taken each night' written on it. with it was a small piece of paper from the chemist's in brackhampton with 'sent by request of doctor quimper' written on it.'what is it, dear?' said alice. 'you look worried.''oh, it's just - some pills. but i'm sure the doctor said i need not take any more.'his wife said calmly, 'he probably said don't forget to take them.''perhaps he did.' harold looked across at her and for a moment he wondered exactly what she was thinking. that calm expression told him nothing. her eyes were like windows in an empty house. what did alice feel about him? had she ever been in love with him?'i think i shall go to bed,' he said. 'it's been my first day back in the city.''yes, i think that's a good idea. and don't forget to take your pills, dear.'he went upstairs. yes, it would be wrong to stop taking the pills so soon. he took two and swallowed them with a glass of water.chapter twenty four'nobody could possibly have made more mistakes than i have.' dermot craddock sat in florence's sitting room looking tired and upset. 'i've let a whole family be poisoned. alfred crackenthorpe's dead and now harold's dead too. what going on here?''poisoned pills,' said miss marple thoughtfully.'yes. very clever. they looked just like the pills that he had been taking. but quimper never ordered them. and the chemist knew nothing about them, either. no. that box of pills came from rutherford hall.''do you know it came from rutherford hall?''yes. it's the box that held emma's sleeping pills.''oh, i see. emma's...''yes. it's got her fingerprints on it and the fingerprints of both the nurses and the fingerprints of the chemist. nobody else's, of course.'and the sleeping pills were removed and something else put in the box?''yes.''what were the pills harold took?' miss marple asked. 'aconite. they are usually kept in a poison bottle. i don't know who poisoned harold, i don't know who poisoned alfred, and now the real martine turns out to be the wife of sir robert stoddart-west! so, who's the woman in the barn? i don't know. at first i was sure it was anna stravinska, but then she's out of it-' miss marple gave a small cough. 'but is she?''well, that postcard from jamaica...''yes,' said miss marple, 'but anyone can get a postcard sent from almost anywhere, don't you think?''yes,' said craddock. 'and of course we would have checked that postcard if it hadn't been for the martine business fitting in so well. the envelope of the letter emma wrote to her was even found at rutherford hall, showing she had actually been there.''but the murdered woman hadn't been there!' miss marple said. 'not in the sense you mean. she only came to rutherford hall after she was dead.''oh, yes.''what the envelope really proves is that the murderer was there. presumably he took that envelope off her with her other things, and then dropped it by mistake - or - i wonder, was it a mistake? your men must have searched the place, but they didn't find it. it only turned up later in the bin.''you think the boys were meant to find it?''well, it stopped you thinking about anna stravinska any more, didn't it?''but the main fact is that someone was going to pretend to be martine,' said craddock. 'and then for some reason - didn't. why?''that's a very interesting question,' said miss marple.'somebody sent a note saying martine was going back to france, then arranged to travel down with the girl and kill her on the way. you agree?''not exactly,' said miss marple. 'i don't think, really, you're making it simple enough.''simple! so do you or do you not think you know who the murdered woman was?''it's so difficult to explain,' miss marple said. 'i mean, i don't know who she was, but i'm sure who she was, if you know what i mean.''know what you mean?' craddock shook his head. 'i haven't any idea.' he looked out through the window. 'there's lucy eyelesbarrow coming to see you, so i'll go. my confidence is very low this afternoon and meeting such a clever young woman is too much for me.'chapter twenty five'i suppose it was always sure to cause trouble,' said lucy, walking up and down the room. 'a will leaving money to several people, but saying that if, when the time came for it to be handed out, there was only one person left, he would get the lot. and yet - there was such a lot of money, you would think it would be enough...''the trouble is,' said miss marple, 'that people always want more money. some people. they don't start with wanting to commit murder, they just start by wanting more than they're going to have.''but we've now had three murders and that only leaves two to inherit the money, doesn't it?''you mean cedric and emma,' said miss marple.'not emma. emma isn't a tall dark man. no. i mean cedric and bryan eastley. i never thought of bryan because he's fair, but the other day...' she paused.'go on,' said miss marple.'it was when lady stoddart-west was leaving. she was getting into the car when she suddenly asked, "who was that tall, dark man who was standing on the lawn as i came in?"'i didn't know who she meant at first, because cedric was still in bed. so i said, "you don't mean bryan eastley?" and she said, "of course, squadron leader eastley. he was hidden in our house in france once during the war. i remembered the way he stood".'miss marple said nothing.and then, later i looked at him... he was standing with his back to me and i saw that even when a man is fair, his hair can look dark if he smooths it down with cream. so you see, it might have been bryan that your friend saw in the train. it might...''yes,' said miss marple. 'i had thought of that.''but the money would go to alexander, not to him.''if anything happened to alexander before he was twenty- one, then bryan would get the money,' miss marple said.lucy looked shocked. 'he would never do that. no father would ever do that.'miss marple shook her head. 'people do, my dear. it's very sad and very awful, but they do.' she added gently, 'but you mustn't worry. elspeth mcgillicuddy will be here very soon now.''i don't see how that will help.''no, dear, perhaps not. but i think it's important.' then, with a quick look at lucy, she said, 'there's something else that's worrying you.''yes. something that i didn't understand until two days ago. bryan could in fact have been on that train.''on the 4.33 from paddington?''yes. you see, emma, when talking about her movements on 20th december, said she went to meet bryan at the station. the train she met was the 4.50 from paddington, but he could have been on the earlier train and pretended to come on the later one. it doesn't really prove anything. the awful thing is not knowing what happened. and perhaps we never will know!''of course we will know, dear,' said miss marple. 'the one thing i do know about murderers is that they can never leave things alone. particularly after they've committed a second murder. and the great thing is that elspeth mcgillicuddy will be here very soon now!'chapter twenty six'now, elspeth, you do know what i want you to do?''yes, i know,' said mrs mcgillicuddy, 'but what i say to you is, jane, that it seems very strange.''it's not strange at all,' said miss marple.'to arrive at the house and to ask almost immediately whether i can - er - go upstairs?''it's very cold weather.''if you would just tell me why i must go upstairs, jane.''that's just what i don't want to do,' said miss marple.'how annoying you are. first you make me come all the way back to england before...''i'm sorry about that, but someone may soon be killed. so you see, elspeth, it was your duty to come back. and that's the taxi now,' she added, as a sound was heard outside the house.so mrs mcgillicuddy put on her coat and the two ladies were driven to rutherford hall.'who can this be?' emma asked, looking out of the window, as the taxi moved past it. 'i do believe it's lucy's old aunt.''what a bore,' said cedric. 'tell her you're not at home.'but at that moment the door was opened by mrs hart, who was there that afternoon to clean the silver, and miss marple came in, with another woman behind her.'i do hope,' said miss marple, taking emma's hand, 'that this is not inconvenient. but i'm going home the day after tomorrow, and so i wanted to say goodbye... oh, may i introduce my friend, mrs mcgillicuddy, who is visiting?'at this moment lucy entered the room. 'aunt jane, i had no idea...''i had to come and thank miss crackenthorpe,' said miss marple, 'who has been so very, very kind to you, lucy.''it's lucy who's been very kind to us,' said emma.'oh, yes,' said cedric. 'we've certainly made her work for her money. looking after us when we were ill, running up and down the stairs...'miss marple interrupted. 'so dangerous, isn't it, food poisoning? mushrooms, i heard.''the cause remains rather mysterious,' said emma.'nonsense,' said cedric, 'arsenic in the curry, that's what it was. lucy's aunt knows all about it, i'm sure.''well,' said miss marple, 'i did just hear...'the door opened and mr crackenthorpe came in. 'where's tea? you! girl! why haven't you brought tea in?''it's just ready, mr crackenthorpe.'lucy went out of the room then reappeared with a tea tray. bryan eastley followed her, carrying sandwiches and cake.'what's this? what's this?' mr crackenthorpe asked. 'a decorated cake? are we having a party? nobody told me about it.'emma's face went pink. 'dr quimper's coming to tea, father. it's his birthday today and...''birthday? birthdays are only for children. i won't let anyone celebrate my birthdays.''emma, what a delightful view you have from this window,' said miss marple, moving across to it. 'just like a picture with the cows there under the trees. i can't believe that i am in the middle of a town.''if the windows were open, you would hear far off the noise of the traffic,' said emma.'oh, of course,' said miss marple, 'there's noise everywhere, isn't there? even in st mary mead. really, the way those jet planes fly over! two windows in my little greenhouse were broken the other day. i can't understand why.''it's quite simple, really,' said bryan, coming to the window.miss marple dropped her handbag and bryan politely picked it up. at the same moment mrs mcgillicuddy said to emma, 'i wonder - could i go upstairs for a moment?''i'll take you,' said lucy, and they left the room together.'it is very cold outside today,' said miss marple.'about planes breaking windows,' said bryan. 'oh, look, there's quimper.'the doctor drove up in his car. he came in, rubbing his hands. 'it's going to snow, i think. hello, emma, how are you? goodness, what's all this?''you told me today was your birthday,' said emma. 'so we made you a cake.''but it's years since anyone's remembered my birthday.' he looked almost uncomfortably pleased.'come on, let's have tea,' said mr crackenthorpe. 'what are we waiting for?''oh, please,' said miss marple, 'don't wait for my friend. she would be most upset if you did.'they sat down and started tea. miss marple reached for a sandwich, then paused. 'are they-?''fish,' said bryan. 'i helped make them.'mr crackenthorpe laughed. 'poisoned fish. that's what they are. you've got to be careful what you eat in this house, miss marple.''don't let him stop you,' said cedric. 'a bit of arsenic is good for the skin, they say, if you don't have too much.''eat one yourself, boy,' said mr crackenthorpe.'all right,' said cedric. he took a sandwich and put it whole into his mouth.miss marple also took a sandwich and bit into it. 'i do think it's so brave of you all to make these jokes.' then suddenly she began to choke. 'a fish bone, in my throat.'quimper got up quickly. he went across to her, moved her backwards towards the window and told her to open her mouth. then he looked down into the old lady's throat. at that moment the door opened and mrs mcgillicuddy, followed by lucy, came in. mrs mcgillicuddy stopped as she saw the scene in front of her, miss marple leaning back and the doctor holding her throat.'but that's him,' she cried. 'that's the man in the train...'with unbelievable speed miss marple escaped from the doctor's hands and came towards her friend.'i thought you'd recognize him, elspeth! no. don't say another word.' she turned to dr quimper. 'you didn't know, did you, doctor, when you strangled that woman in the train, that somebody actually saw you do it? it was my friend here. she was in another train that was running parallel with yours.'what?' dr quimper moved quickly towards mrs mcgillicuddy, but again, with unbelievable speed, miss marple was between them.'yes. she saw you, and she recognizes you, and she'll swear to it in court.''you disgusting old-' dr quimper stepped towards miss marple, but cedric caught him by the shoulder.'so you're the murderer. i never liked you, but i never suspected you.'bryan eastley came quickly to help cedric and at that moment inspector craddock and inspector bacon entered the room.'dr quimper,' said bacon, 'i must caution you that...''you can do what you like with your caution. do you really think anyone's going to believe what a couple of old women say?' dr quimper suddenly laughed. 'why should i want to murder a totally strange woman?''she wasn't a strange woman,' said inspector craddock. 'she was your wife'chapter twenty seven'so you see,' said miss marple, 'it really was very, very simple. so many men seem to murder their wives.'mrs mcgillicuddy looked at miss marple and inspector craddock. 'please explain it all to me.''he saw his chance, you see,' said miss marple, 'of having a rich wife, emma crackenthorpe. but he couldn't marry her because he had a wife already. they had been separated for years but she wouldn't divorce him. that fitted very well with what inspector craddock told me of a girl called anna stravinska. she had an english husband and she was a catholic.'so dr quimper decided to kill her. the idea of murdering her in the train and later putting her body in the sarcophagus was rather a clever one, because it would involve the crackenthorpe family. before that he had written a letter to emma which said it was from martine. emma had told dr quimper all about her brother, you see. then he encouraged her to go to the police with her story as he wanted the dead woman to be identified as martine. i think he may have heard that inquiries were being made by the paris police about anna stravinska, so he arranged to have a postcard come from her from jamaica.'it was easy for him to meet his wife in london, to tell her that he hoped they could be together again and that he would like her to come and "meet his family". we won't talk about the next part of it, which is very unpleasant. of course all he wanted was money, so perhaps he had already thought about murdering the brothers before he decided to murder his wife. anyway, he started the idea that someone was trying to poison old mr crackenthorpe, to prepare for his other crimes. and then he gave arsenic to the whole family. not too much, of course, because he didn't want old mr crackenthorpe to die.''but i still don't see how he did that,' said craddock. 'he wasn't in the house when the curry was being prepared.''oh, but there wasn't any arsenic in the curry then,' said miss marple. 'he added it to the curry afterwards when he took it away to be tested. he probably put the arsenic in the cocktail jug earlier. then, of course, it was easy for him, as a doctor, to poison alfred crackenthorpe and also to send the pills to harold in london. everything he did was planned and selfish and cruel.''i agree,' said inspector craddock.'but i thought,' continued miss marple, 'that if elspeth could see dr quimper in exactly the same position as she had seen him in the train, with his back to her, bent over a woman he was holding by the throat, then she would recognize him. that is why i had to prepare my little plan with lucy's help.''i must say,' said mrs mcgillicuddy, 'it did give me a shock. i said, "that's him" before i could stop myself. yet i hadn't in fact seen the man's face and...''i was afraid that you were going to say so, elspeth,' said miss marple. 'and that would have been awful. because he thought you really did recognize him. i mean, he couldn't know that you hadn't seen his face.''a good thing i said nothing then,' said mrs mcgillicuddy.'i wasn't going to let you say another word,' said miss marple. craddock laughed. 'so, miss marple, what is the happy ending? what happens to poor emma crackenthorpe?''she'll soon forget the doctor, and perhaps go off on a holiday and meet someone else. a nicer man than dr quimper, i hope.''what about lucy eyelesbarrow? a wedding there, too?''perhaps,' said miss marple.'which of all the men is she going to choose?' said dermot craddock.'don't you know?' said miss marple.'no, i don't,' said craddock. 'do you?''oh, yes, i think so,' said miss marple. and she smiled at him.