'hello, dad,' said alexander kindly. 'you out here again?''i like it out here,' said bryan. 'have you come to inspect the kitchen, inspector?''not exactly. i'd like to speak to mr cedric crackenthorpe.''i'll go and see if he's in,' said bryan and left the room.'is it nearly supper-time?' asked alexander.'no,' said lucy. 'there's some chocolate cake in the food cupboard.'the boys rushed together out of the door.'you are very clever,' said craddock.'why?''because of how you did this!' he showed her the envelope.'what are you talking about?' she looked at him.craddock suddenly felt a bit faint. 'didn't you put this in the bin, for the boys to find?''what! do you mean that...?'craddock put the envelope quickly back in his pocket as bryan returned.'cedric's in the library.'cedric seemed delighted to see the inspector. 'so have you found out who the dead woman was?''we have a good idea. but we want to get some statements. i would like you to tell me exactly what you were doing on friday, 20th december.'cedric leaned back. 'well, as i've already told you, i was in ibiza, and one day there is so like another. painting in the morning, sleep in the afternoon. after that some kind of a meal. most of the evening in scotty's bar with friends. will that do?''i'd rather have the truth, mr crackenthorpe.'cedric sat up. 'that's a most offensive remark, inspector.''really? you told me that you left ibiza on 21st december and arrived in england that same day?''yes, i did.''you must think we are very stupid,' said craddock pleasantly. 'if you'll show me your passport 'i can't find it,' said cedric.'i think you could find it, but it's not really necessary because the records show that you entered this country on the evening of 19th december. perhaps you will now tell me what you did between that time until lunch-time on 21st december when you arrived here.'cedric looked very angry. 'you can't do anything you want to anymore! somebody's always asking questions. and what's special about the 20th?''it is the day we believe the murder was committed.'well, yes,' cedric said. 'i left ibiza on the 19th. there was a very attractive woman on the plane... we got to london and stayed at the kingsway palace, in case your spies haven't found that out yet! i called myself john brown.''and on the 20th?''i stayed in bed all morning, as i'd had rather a lot to drink.''and the afternoon?''i went into the national gallery. then i saw a film. then i had a drink or two in the bar, and at about ten o'clock i went out with the girlfriend to various nightclubs - can't remember much more till i woke up the next morning - when the girlfriend ran off to catch her plane to america and i poured cold water over my head, and then left for this place.''can any of this be proved, mr crackenthorpe? say between 3 p.m. and 7 p.m.''most unlikely,' said cedric cheerfully.the door opened and emma entered the room with a diary in her hand. 'i believe you want to know what everyone was doing on 20th december, inspector craddock?''er - yes, miss crackenthorpe.''well, i went into brackhampton for a church meeting. that finished about a quarter to one and i lunched with lady adington and miss bartlett at the cadena cafe. after lunch i did some christmas shopping. i had tea at about a quarter to five in the shamrock tea rooms and then went to the station to meet bryan.''thank you, miss crackenthorpe, that is very helpful.' craddock did not tell her that as she was a woman, height five foot seven, her movements were not important. instead he said, 'your other two brothers came down later?''alfred came down late on saturday evening. he says he tried to phone me that afternoon but i was out. harold did not come down until christmas eve.'craddock took the envelope from his pocket. 'do you recognize this?''but...' emma looked at him, shocked. 'that's the letter i wrote to martine. did she...? have you found her?''it is possible that we have - found her. this empty envelope was found here.''then - it was martine - in the sarcophagus?''it seems very likely,' said craddock gently.it seemed even more likely when he got back to town and found a message from armand dessin.'one of her friends has had a postcard from anna stravinska. the holiday story was true! she has reached jamaica and is having a wonderful time!'craddock crushed the message and threw it into the wastepaper basket.chapter ninteen'not very helpful,' said sergeant wetherall.craddock was reading through the report on harold crackenthorpe's alibi for 20th december.he had been noticed at sotheby's at about three-thirty, but had left soon after that. his photograph had not been recognized at russell's tea-shop, but his manservant said that he had returned to cardigan gardens to dress for his dinner party at a quarter to seven - rather late, since the dinner was at seven-thirty. he did not remember hearing him come in that evening, but he often did not hear him. the garage where harold kept his car was rented and so no one noticed who came and went there.'he was at the catering club dinner, but left before the end of the speeches.' said wetherall.craddock stretched out his hand for the information on cedric. that also was negative, though a taxi driver said he might have taken him to paddington station that afternoon. 'dirty trousers and untidy hair. he swore a bit because fares had gone up since he was last in england.''and here's alfred,' said the sergeant.something in his voice made craddock look up. wetherall had the pleased look of a man who has kept the best news until the end.the check was mainly negative. alfred came and went at different times. most of his neighbours were out at work all day. but towards the end of the report, wetherall's large finger pointed to the final words.sergeant leakie, who had been working on cases of things stolen from lorries, had been at a cafe on the waddington- brackhampton road, watching certain lorry drivers. he had noticed at a nearby table, chick evans, one of the dicky rogers mob. with him had been alfred crackenthorpe. time, 9.30 p.m., friday, 20th december.alfred crackenthorpe had got on a bus a few minutes later, going in the direction of brackhampton. william baker, ticket collector at brackhampton, had checked the ticket of a gentleman whom he recognized as one of miss crackenthorpe's brothers, just before the 11.55 train left for paddington. he remembered the day because there had been a story of some mad old lady who said she had seen somebody murdered in a train that afternoon.'it puts him right at the exact place, there,' wetherall said.craddock nodded. yes, alfred could have travelled down by the 4.33 to brackhampton, committing murder on the way. then he could have gone out by bus to the cafe. he could have left there at nine-thirty and would have had plenty of time to go to rutherford hall, move the body from the embankment to the sarcophagus, and get into brackhampton in time to catch the 11.55 back to london.at rutherford hall there had been a gathering of the crackenthorpe family and very soon voices were raised.lucy decided to mix some cocktails in a jug and then took them towards the library. the voices sounded clearly in the hall.dr quimper came out of the study where he had been with mr crackenthorpe. he saw the jug in lucy's hand. 'what's this? a celebration?''more like a calming medicine. they're having a big argument in there.''blaming each other?''mostly emma.''are they?' dr quimper took the jug from lucy's hand, opened the library door and went in. 'good evening.''ah, dr quimper,' harold said. 'i would like to know why you involved yourself in a family matter, and told my sister to go to scotland yard about it.'dr quimper said calmly, 'miss crackenthorpe asked my advice. i gave it to her.''you dare to...''girl!' mr crackenthorpe looked out of the study door just behind lucy. 'i want curry for dinner tonight. you make a very good curry. it's ages since we've had curry.''all right, mr crackenthorpe.'lucy went back to the kitchen and began to peel some mushrooms. the front door banged and from the window she saw dr quimper walk angrily to his car and drive away.it was 3 a.m. when dr quimper drove his car into his garage. well, mrs josh simpkins now had a healthy baby. he went upstairs to his bedroom. he was tired - very tired. he looked with pleasure at his bed. then the telephone rang.'dr quimper?''yes.''this is lucy eyelesbarrow from rutherford hall. please can you come over. everybody here suddenly has an upset stomach.''i'll be over immediately.' he hurried down to his car again.it was three hours later when the doctor and lucy sat down at the kitchen table to drink large cups of black coffee.'well, i think they'll be all right now,' he said. 'but how did it happen? that's what i want to know. what did they have for dinner?''mushroom soup. curried chicken and rice. fruit jelly.''all right - so most people would say "it must have been the mushrooms".''it wasn't the mushrooms. i had some of the soup myself and i'm all right.''yes, you're all right.''if you mean...''no. you're a clever girl. you would be pretending to be ill, too, if you had put poison in the food. anyway, i know all about you. i made some inquiries. and you're not a girlfriend of either cedric, harold or alfred - helping them to do unpleasant things.''do you really think...?''i think quite a lot of things,' said quimper. 'but i have to be careful what i say. now, curried chicken. did you have some of that?''no. when you've cooked a curry, the smell makes you feel you've already eaten it. i tasted it, of course. and i had some jelly.''how did you serve the jelly?''in separate glasses.''and how much of all this has been washed up?''everything.''a pity,' dr quimper said. 'is there any of the food left?''there's some of the curry, and some soup. no jelly.''i'll take the curry and the soup.' he stood up. 'and if you can manage until the morning, i'll send a nurse here by eight o'clock.' dr quimper put a hand on her shoulder. 'look after two people in particular. emma - well, emma means a lot to me. and look after the old man. i can't say that he's ever been my favourite patient, but he is my patient, and i'm not going to let him be rushed out of the world because one of his unpleasant sons wants his money.'inspector bacon was looking upset. arsenic?' he said. arsenic?''yes. it was in the curry.''so there's a poisoner at work?''it seems so,' said dr quimper.and they've all been ill, you say - except that miss eyelesbarrow. that's a bit strange...''if miss eyelesbarrow was feeding the family arsenic, she would be careful to eat a very small amount of the poisoned curry, and then behave as though she was extremely ill.''and you wouldn't be able to tell that she'd had less than the others?''probably not.''then there might be one of the family now who's making more fuss than he need?''yes. but i don't think that anyone has had enough arsenic to kill them.''did the poisoner make a mistake?''no. i think that the idea was to put enough arsenic in the curry to cause signs of food poisoning - which everyone would say was because of the mushrooms. then one person would probably suddenly get worse and die.''because he had been given more poison?'the doctor nodded. 'so, perhaps you can go to rutherford hall and tell them all that they're suffering from arsenic poisoning. that will probably stop the poisoner carrying out the rest of his plan.'the telephone rang on the inspector's desk. he picked it up. 'ok. yes.' he said to quimper, 'it's your nurse.' he handed him the receiver.'quimper speaking... i see... yes, we'll be with you very soon.' he put the receiver down and turned to bacon. 'it's alfred. he's dead.'