the discussions about richard's future profession continued, but unfortunately every suggestion seemed equally attractive to him. one day he decided to go to sea, and the next he was thinking about becoming a lawyer.'i am worried about rick's character,' mr jarndyce said to me one day in the growlery. 'he delays making decisions because he is always expecting a result in jarndyce and jarndyce. the case is affecting his judgement.''i am sure i don't want to go into the church,' richard said that afternoon, 'but anything else would suit me.''medicine -' suggested our guardian finally.'yes!' shouted richard enthusiastically. 'i am sure i would like to be a doctor!'i doubt if he had ever had this thought before, but at that moment richard was certain that his path was now clear - he would become a doctor.with mr jarndyce's help, richard agreed to become a student of mr bayham badger, a well-known doctor with a good practice in london.before richard left for london, ada surprised me one evening after a dinner party with a few guests, including one or two doctors, by rushing into my bedroom and whispering, 'my dear esther! i have a great secret to tell you! my cousin richard says - i know it is foolish, we are both so young - but he says... that he loves me with all his heart.''does he really?' said i. 'dear ada, i realised that weeks ago!''you are so clever! and i love him, too! with my whole heart!' she looked so pretty and so happy that my eyes filled with tears.the next day, mr jarndyce talked to ada and richard about their news. 'my dear cousins, you and esther have made my house bright and happy. from early days, i began to think that you two cousins might decide to go through life together - but it must be a plan for the future.''we are in no hurry, sir,' replied richard.'that is sensible because you are very young,' continued mr jarndyce. 'things may change, and you may decide that you are happy as cousins and nothing more. if that is your decision, please don't be afraid to talk to me. your love is strong, but for a successful future you must be serious about your medical studies, rick, and prepare yourself to be a good husband. and that is enough advice for today! i am very happy for you both!''sir,' replied richard again. 'we will always want your advice, and we will always be grateful to you for everything you have given us.''dear cousin john,' said ada sweetly, 'i give you all the love and duty i could have for a parent.'i have forgotten to say that one of the guests at our small dinner party the night before was a young doctor, rather shy. ada asked me later if i thought he was sensible and pleasant, and i said yes.***when the day came for richard to leave bleak house, i was especially pleased that he asked me to look after ada, his future wife. 'and if our suit in chancery makes us rich - which it may, you know...'a shadow crossed ada's lovely, usually hopeful face.'my dearest ada,' continued richard, 'why not? the longer the case goes on, the closer we come to a decision. isn't that certain?''you know best, richard. but i'm afraid that if we hope for a decision in jarndyce and jarndyce, we will be poor and very unhappy.'ada, mr jarndyce and i travelled to london with richard, leaving him at the home of mr badger. while we were there, we went to miss flite's room and found her with her doctor. after greeting us, the young medical gentleman said, 'miss flite is much better and may appear in court tomorrow. she has been greatly missed there, i understand.''and a visit from the wards in jarndyce and jarndyce of bleak house - this is a rare pleasure under my simple roof,' said the old lady.'have you been very ill?' asked mr jarndyce kindly.'very unwell! not pain, you know trouble. we have had death here - mr nemo, the law-writer - and it frightened me. but mr woodcourt - you know my doctor, i believe - he is so kind. krook!?' said miss flite suddenly. 'why are you listening at my door?'the old man pushed into the room. 'your servant, mr jarndyce,' he began. 'i knew old tom jarndyce well, but i have never seen you in court.''i have no wish to go there,' said mr jarndyce.'maybe you are right, because there will never be a judgement in jarndyce and jarndyce, will there?'at last we escaped from krook, and in the street mr jarndyce asked mr woodcourt if the old man was mad.'no, not yet,' the doctor answered, 'but he drinks a large quantity of alcohol every day, and he has strange ideas.'i have forgotten to say that mr woodcourt was the same young doctor who had joined us at bleak house for dinner. and did i say that mr jarndyce invited him to dinner again after our visit to miss flite's?***i was worried about richard's attitude to his medical studies, but kept my thoughts to myself because ada was always so enthusiastic about everything connected with her cousin. unfortunately, i learned that mr badger shared my worries when i had a private conversation with him one afternoon at mr jarndyce's london apartment.'mr carstone is very well and very good company at the dinner table. if i am honest, though, i wonder if he has chosen his profession wisely. in fact, i believe he is bored by it. young men like your friend mr allan woodcourt learned to work very hard and to live on very little money during their medical training. i don't think mr carstone has the same deep interest in the profession,' mr badger explained.ada and i had an opportunity to speak to richard the next evening. after some light conversation, i asked, 'and how is your training going, richard?''good enough!' he said. 'it will do as well as anything else until our suit is decided. oh, i forgot, i shouldn't talk about our case in chancery. if i am honest, medicine doesn't really suit me. but let's forget about it for now.''richard, i am afraid we cannot forget about it,' i said very seriously.'dear, dear esther, you are right. i become quite angry with myself because i love my cousin so much and want her to be proud of me. you know that, don't you, ada? but i find it so difficult to study every day for long hours. maybe i went into medicine too quickly, without enough thought,' richard said quite cheerfully. 'and, do you know, i have actually been thinking that perhaps the law is the profession for me!''the law!' repeated ada, turning pale.'if i went into kenge's office,' said richard,' i could keep an eye on our suit - i am sorry to talk about it again, but i could study it and look after our interests, and i would work very hard because it would help us, ada.'mr jarndyce was patient with richard, and after several long meetings, he agreed to help him get a position at kenge and carboy to study law.one evening, after everything had been arranged and richard had begun his new studies, ada spoke quietly to our guardian. 'cousin john,' she began, 'i hope that your opinion of richard has not been affected by his change from medicine to law. i don't want you to think badly of him.''no, my love,' said mr jarndyce. 'i would only think badly of him if his actions ever made you unhappy. time is on his side, and he can make a success of the law. i promise that my high opinion of rick has not changed.'but i must tell you that i noticed that my guardian's look was less hopeful and more troubled as he watched ada leave the room. this look worried me and i could not sleep that night. at about three o'clock in the morning i was still awake and went quietly downstairs to find my work basket. i was surprised to see a light in the growlery and knocked gently at the door.'esther! what is this? is there some trouble?' mr jarndyce asked.'no, guardian. i couldn't sleep, but why are you here? you have no trouble, i hope, to keep you awake?''no, little woman, but i hope you will stay and talk to me. i have decided that it is my duty to tell you the few facts that i know about your history.'nine years ago i received a very sad letter from your aunt, describing your situation: an orphan girl of twelve whose mother was her disgrace. she told me that she had kept the details of your background a secret and added that when she died, you would be left without friends, family or even a name. she had given you a false name so you would not be connected to her family in any way. your situation affected me, and now i must say how happy i am every hour of every day that you have come to bleak house.''dear guardian, you have become a father to me! i am happier than you!'at the word 'father', mr jarndyce looked shocked and troubled, but the look quickly disappeared and he smiled at me.'accept a fatherly good-night, my dear,' he said. 'these are late hours for working and thinking. you do that for all of us all day long, little woman.'we had a visitor next day - mr allan woodcourt, who by then had been to see us several times. he was going to china and to india to work as a doctor on board a ship. he was going to be away a long, long time. he was not rich, and much of his work was with poor people in london. this trip, i believe, was a way for him to make some money so he could start his own medical practice when he returned.before he left our house, mr woodcourt said to my guardian, 'sir, i want to thank you for many happy hours in your home. i will take the memory of them with me and will remember each of you when i am far away.'later that day, a servant came into my workroom with a small, pretty bunch of flowers. 'they were left at the door for you, miss, by someone who was hurrying away to join a ship.'***after several months in london, ada and i went to lincolnshire with mr jarndyce to visit one of his oldest and best friends, mr lawrence boythorn. this big, friendly man met us at the village near his house, and after greeting us warmly, he led our carriage and horses to his property.'i must apologise,' he said before we began, 'but this trip will be about two kilometres longer than it should be. our straightest road lies through sir leicester dedlock's park, but we have a disagreement about the piece of land between our two properties and so we keep away from each other.'on sunday we all walked to the little church in the park for the morning service. mr boythorn pointed out a number of people who were servants at chesney wold, including the old housekeeper, mrs rouncewell, a very pretty young maid named rosa, and a handsome but cross-looking frenchwoman called miss hortense.as the bells rang, sir leicester and lady dedlock entered the church and everyone stood up. i looked at lady dedlock. her eyes met mine and her handsome proud face seemed to come alive for just a moment. my heart was beating quickly. why did this beautiful face remind me of my godmother? her fashionable appearance and her proud attitude were completely new to me, but a picture of myself - sad, lonely little esther - came into my mind. i was shaken by these emotions and these memories, but i calmed myself and looked towards lady dedlock again. she was not looking at me and my heart slowed down.during our visit, mr jarndyce, ada and i enjoyed many long walks in the countryside near mr boythorn's house and found several favourite spots. one saturday, we were sitting under a tree on a lovely hill when we heard thunder in the distance. we were not prepared for rain and hurried down the hill towards a small hut at the edge of the park. a man there welcomed us and put two chairs near his door for ada and me.'isn't it better inside the hut?''oh no, esther dear!' said ada quietly. 'we are fine here.'ada replied to me, but i had not spoken. my heart began to race again. i had never heard the voice, as i had never seen the face until that day in church, but it affected me in the same strange way. again, pictures of my sad past came into my mind.'i have frightened you?' lady dedlock asked. she had also escaped from the storm by coming to this small building and now stood behind my chair. 'i believe,' she continued, 'that i have the pleasure of speaking to mr john jarndyce. i saw you in church, but because of sir leicester's disagreement with your friend, mr boythorn, i was not able to speak to you.'my guardian took lady dedlock's hand and greeted her warmly. then he introduced ada and me to his old friend.'these young ladies are very fortunate to have you as their guardian. a long time has passed since we were in the habit of meeting, mr jarndyce, but i think you knew my sister better than you knew me?' said lady dedlock.'yes, we often met many years ago.'after the storm passed, a carriage arrived at the hut with lady dedlock's two maids: rosa and hortense.'why are there two of you?' asked lady dedlock. 'i only asked for rosa.''i am your maid, madam,' explained hortense proudly. 'rosa is only my assistant.''rosa,' replied lady dedlock calmly, 'give me my coat and get in the carriage with me. mr jarndyce, it has been wonderful to see you, but i am afraid we will not be able to become friends again.'hortense silently watched the carriage drive towards chesney wold. then, without a word, she took her shoes off, left them on the ground and walked angrily in the same direction through the wet grass.'is that young woman mad?' asked my guardian, watching the maid.'oh no, sir,' answered the man in the hut, 'she has a good brain, but she is jealous; she won't be happy to have anyone put above her.'***back at home in bleak house, we saw richard on most saturdays and sundays. he was still as kind and loving as ever, but my thoughts about him were not comfortable. his conversations were always about jarndyce and jarndyce. he saw miss flite at the court of chancery daily, and i worried that he was becoming more like her, with nothing on his mind except the destructive case. i looked for an opportunity to talk to him alone.'well, richard,' i began, 'are you working hard and with a clear purpose?''no, i can't really say that. not while we are waiting for a judgement in jarndyce and jarndyce.''but do you think there will ever be a decision in that case?''i have no doubt about it,' answered richard. 'esther, i know you are worried about me. i didn't work hard enough with mr badger, or at kenge and carboy, and i know it was wrong of me to get into debt, and...''richard, are you in debt?''yes, i am a little, my dear, and i hope you don't hate me for that. but i know our case will be decided soon, and then everything will be all right. i will marry ada, and we will have a happy life together.'i watched as the tears fell from richard's eyes. he was tired and worried.'richard, have you finished at kenge and carboy?' i asked. 'you said you didn't work hard there.''i think i have had enough of the law, but i know what profession i want to go into. i am certain about this one: the army - and it won't be for life. when the suit is decided, i won't need a job, but the army will suit me for now.'in the next weeks, my guardian had many long conversations with richard about his future, and finally agreed to help him enter the army as an officer. soon richard received his orders, but before he left us again, mr jarndyce had a very serious meeting with him.after the two cousins had finished talking, our guardian asked ada and me to join them.'we have had a friendly difference of opinion, and i must explain it to you because you are the subject, ada. my dear, rick has no money, and he must prove that he can make a success of himself in the army. he must stop thinking that he will be rich one day because of jarndyce and jarndyce. that suit has brought only disaster to everyone who has placed their hopes in it.'richard bit his lip and held his breath.'ada, my dear,' said mr jarndyce after he had calmed down, 'my advice to you and rick is to be cousins again and nothing more. give yourselves time, and everything may work out as you hope.''cousin richard,' said ada sadly, 'we should listen to our guardian. my love for you will never die, but for now, you are my cousin and nothing more. i hope with all my heart that you find success in the army.'from that day, richard's feelings towards mr jarndyce changed. he was never able to forgive him. i was sad that he left london without returning to the old relationship he had had with his cousin and guardian.