'well,' said mrs sutcliffe doubtfully. 'i don't really know what to say -'she looked at hercule poirot. 'it's been very upsetting,' she continued, 'and i'm glad to have jennifer safely at home with me. two murders and a girl kidnapped!''i would not worry too much about the kidnapping, madame,' said poirot. 'if i may tell you a secret, i suspect a romance.''do you mean the girl just ran away to marry somebody?''i can say no more,' said hercule poirot. 'and i am sure that you too will say nothing of this.''of course not,' said mrs sutcliffe, very pleased. she looked down at the letter that poirot had brought from inspector kelsey. 'so monsieur - er - poirot, you want to talk to jennifer? i'm afraid she's not a girl who notices things.' she called her daughter into the room.'how do you do?' said poirot. 'i am a friend of julia upjohn. she came to london to see me and ask my advice. she is now back at meadowbank,' poirot added.jennifer looked at her mother, annoyed. 'so she hasn't been taken away.' mrs sutcliffe decided to leave the room rather than argue again with her daughter.'all this fuss!' said jennifer. 'i told mummy it was silly - no pupils have been killed. i wish i was back there.''i have come to ask, mademoiselle jennifer,' said poirot, 'about the woman who came and gave you the new tennis racquet - what did she look like?''i don't really know,' said jennifer. 'i didn't look at her much. she had blonde hair, and was wearing a blue dress and a big hat. i think she was american.''had you ever seen her before?' asked poirot.'oh no,' said jennifer.'are you sure?' said poirot. 'she was not, perhaps, one of the girls, dressed up - or one of the teachers?'jennifer looked puzzled. 'dressed up?'poirot showed her the picture of mademoiselle blanche that eileen rich had drawn.'was this the woman?''it's a bit like her,' said jennifer, 'but i don't think so. i didn't really look at her face.' she obviously didn't realize that the drawing was of mademoiselle blanche. 'i was looking at my new racquet.''i see,' said poirot. after a pause, he asked, 'did you ever see anyone at meadowbank who you'd seen in ramat?''in ramat?' jennifer thought. 'oh no - at least - i don't think so.''but you are not sure, mademoiselle jennifer.''well,' jennifer looked worried. 'i often see people who look like other people,' she explained.'perhaps you recognized princess shaista?' suggested poirot. 'you may have seen her in ramat.''i don't think so,' said jennifer, frowning. 'of course i think most people do look alike. i only notice if someone has a strange sort of face, like miss rich.''have you seen miss rich somewhere before?' poirot asked. 'no,' said jennifer. 'i think i saw someone who just looked like miss rich. this person was much fatter than she is.''someone much fatter,' said poirot thoughtfully.'and miss rich was away ill last term,' added jennifer. 'so she couldn't have been in ramat.''and the other girls?' asked poirot, 'had you seen any of the girls before?''only the ones i knew already,' said jennifer. 'but i don't really notice people very much.'chapter twenty onegathering threads'i want to talk to you, eileen,' said miss bulstrode.eileen rich followed miss bulstrode into the sitting room. meadowbank was strangely quiet. there weren't many pupils left and the teachers didn't have much to do. miss johnson didn't like having so much free time; miss chadwick wandered round looking very unhappy, while ann shapland did a lot of gardening - working closely with adam...'i want to talk to you about meadowbank,' said miss bulstrode. 'the school may be ruined - perhaps no one will come back.''no,' interrupted eileen rich. 'you mustn't let that happen. it would be wrong.' she almost shouted with passion. 'meadowbank is a great school, and it must be saved.''i promise that i'll do all i can,' said miss bulstrode. 'but what i want to say is this - if meadowbank survives i want you to be the next head teacher.''me?' eileen rich stared at her. 'me?''yes, my dear,' said miss bulstrode. 'you.''i can't,' said eileen rich. 'i'm too young. i don't have enough experience.''you are the person i want to run this school when i retire,' said miss bulstrode firmly.'but i thought - we all thought - that miss vansittart...''i did consider her very carefully for a long time,' admitted miss bulstrode. 'i'm sure everyone else thought miss vansittart would be the next head teacher. but i never said anything definite to her, and finally i decided she was not the person i wanted. i want someone with new ideas, who will think about the future. that's why i want you.''it would have been wonderful,' said eileen rich. 'wonderful. but i really don't think i can - now. perhaps i can think about it, miss bulstrode? i don't really know what to say.'***'miss rich's hair is always so untidy,' remarked ann shapland, looking up from her gardening as the teacher walked by. 'why doesn't she cut it all off?''you should suggest it to her,' said adam.'i don't know her that well,' said ann shapland. she paused. 'do you think that meadowbank will be able to continue?''i don't know,' said adam. 'will you come back next term if it does?''no,' said ann firmly. 'i've had enough of schools and working with women. and i don't like murder. i think i'll marry dennis and settle down.''dennis?' said adam. 'you told me about him. i think you can do better.''are you making me an offer?' said ann.'certainly not,' said adam. 'and you wouldn't like to marry a gardener.''i was wondering about marrying a secret agent,' said ann.'i'm not a secret agent,' said adam.'no, no, of course not,' said ann. 'you're not a secret agent, shaista wasn't kidnapped - everything's fine. i've heard that shaista has been found in switzerland,' she added. 'how did she get there?''i've no idea,' said adam. 'it was monsieur hercule poirot who found her.''is he the funny little man who brought julia upjohn back from london?' asked ann.'yes, that's him,' said adam. 'he went to see my mother,' he added. 'and jennifer sutcliffe's mother. he seems to be fascinated with people's mothers.''did he go and see miss rich's mother, and chaddy's?' said ann. 'poor miss chadwick - look, here she comes now.' she watched miss chadwick's approach. 'she looks much older since miss vansittart's death. she really loves meadowbank. i'll go and talk to her.'ann went to meet miss chadwick and together they walked back to the house.'it's so quiet here now,' said ann, looking round.'it's awful,' said miss chadwick, 'awful! i can't get over it. i can't sleep at night. meadowbank is ruined - after all those years of work.''it may be all right,' said ann. 'people will soon forget about the murders.''but not quickly enough,' said miss chadwick grimly. 'not quickly enough.'***mademoiselle blanche came out of the classroom at the end of her french lesson. she looked at her watch. yes, she did have enough time.she went upstairs to her room and got ready to go out. as she looked at herself in the mirror, she smiled. sometimes it was good to be a person who no one noticed. it made it easy for her to use her sister angele's references - and even her passport. angele was dead, but she had enjoyed teaching and was very good at it. she herself found it very boring.but she wasn't going to be a teacher for much longer. she was going to have money.mademoiselle blanche picked up her handbag and went out of the house, through the front gate to the bus stop. when the bus arrived she got on, and a quarter of an hour later she got out in the nearest big town. she went to a large department store and began to look at dresses.after a while she went upstairs to the ladies' rest room and found a telephone. no one was near enough to overhear her. she called a number and waited to hear if the right voice answered. it did.'you know who i am?' she said. 'yes. i am speaking of some money that you owe. you have until tomorrow evening to pay this money into this bank account.' she gave the details. 'if not, i will tell the police what i saw on the night that miss springer died.' she put down the phone.after doing a little shopping, mademoiselle blanche took the bus back to meadowbank. she smiled to herself. she had asked for money, but not too much. the money would last for a while - and then she would ask for more. life was going to be very pleasant in the future.back at meadowbank mademoiselle blanche walked past the swimming pool, and watched eileen rich and ann shapland swimming and diving with the girls in the pool. she was in time for her afternoon classes. during her lesson the girls talked and didn't listen to her, but she hardly noticed. she wasn't going to be a teacher for much longer.when the bell rang, mademoiselle blanche went upstairs to her room to tidy her hair before dinner. but, as she looked in the mirror, she saw a sudden movement behind her - so quick that she was completely surprised. as mademoiselle blanche opened her mouth to scream, a sandbag hit her silently on the back of her neck.chapter twenty twoincident in anatoliamrs upjohn was sitting by the side of a road somewhere in anatolia. she and a large turkish woman were talking, partly in french and partly by using their hands. the other passengers were sitting nearby, watching the bus driver trying to start the broken-down bus. mrs upjohn's journey had also been delayed by heavy rain and blocked roads.'mrs upjohn?' said a very british voice, which didn't sound as if it belonged in anatolia.mrs upjohn looked up. she hadn't noticed that a car had arrived, and an obviously british man had got out.'mrs upjohn,' the man said again. 'my name's derek o'connor, from the british government. we've been trying to contact you for days.''contact me? why? is it julia?' mrs upjohn said sharply. 'has something happened to julia?''no, no,' said o'connor. 'julia is all right. no, there's been some trouble at meadowbank and we want to take you there as soon as possible. i'll drive you back to the nearest airport, and you can get on a plane in a few hours.'mrs upjohn opened her mouth and then shut it again. she stood up, collected her luggage and said goodbye to the turkish woman. she followed o'connor to his car without asking any questions.o'connor thought that mrs upjohn was a very sensible woman.chapter twenty threeshowdownmiss bulstrode looked around at her staff, who were all sitting together in one of the school classrooms. miss chadwick was there, and miss johnson, miss rich, miss rowan and miss blake. ann shapland sat with her notebook and pencil, ready to take notes. hercule poirot and detective inspector kelsey sat beside miss bulstrode, while adam goodman sat slightly behind them.miss bulstrode stood up. as you all work here,' she said, 'i thought you'd like to know exactly what is known about the recent unfortunate events at meadowbank. detective inspector kelsey is not allowed to give us any official police information, but monsieur hercule poirot, the well-known detective, will now tell you what he has discovered.'hercule poirot rose to his feet, smiled widely at his audience and carefully smoothed his moustache. 'i know that this has been a difficult time for you all,' he began. 'you have lost three of your colleagues - miss springer, miss vansittart and mademoiselle blanche. this is because meadowbank has become the centre of certain events. and also because there is someone here who does not belong.' he looked around the room. 'there is a cat among the pigeons.''but before i talk about the murders, i will deal first with the kidnapping.' he took a photograph from his pocket and passed it round so all the people in the room saw it.'do you recognize the girl in this photograph?' poirot asked.everyone shook their heads.'ah, but you should,' said poirot, 'since this is a photograph, from switzerland, of princess shaista.''but that's not shaista,' said miss chadwick.'exactly,' said poirot. 'this story starts in ramat, where three months ago there was a revolution. the ruler, prince ali yusuf, died trying to escape, but some very valuable jewels that he owned were not found in the wreckage of his plane. several groups of people wanted to find them. they thought that the jewels might be brought to princess shaista, the prince's cousin and only close relative.'it was known that princess shaista was coming to school at meadowbank. however, the girl's uncle, the emir ibrahim, was abroad and miss bulstrode did not know shaista personally. shaista was indeed kidnapped - but not from meadowbank. she was in fact kidnapped before she even arrived here.'it was a simple plan,' explained poirot. 'the real shaista is in fact still in switzerland, and has now been found. instead it was a secret agent, hoping to hear news of the jewels, who arrived in london and was brought to meadowbank.'but the false shaista - a young french actress - was obviously older than the real shaista. i did ask,' said hercule poirot thoughtfully, 'if anyone had noticed shaista's knees. the knees of a woman of twenty-four can never really be mistaken for the knees of a girl of fifteen. nobody, alas had noticed her knees.'but nobody tried to contact the false shaista about the jewels, and when miss springer was murdered it was feared that shaista's uncle, the emir ibrahim, would come to england. the false shaista began to talk about kidnapping, and when the emir did arrive, she was indeed 'kidnapped'. in fact the car that came early to collect her left her in the nearest town, and she simply went back to using her own identity. a false ransom note was sent to make the kidnapping story appear real. it does not occur to anyone that the kidnapping really occurred earlier in switzerland.'poirot meant, of course, that it had not occurred to anyone but himself!'we pass now,' he continued, 'to something far more serious - murder.'the false shaista was at meadowbank just to hear about the jewels. she had no motive for murder, and although she could have killed miss springer, she could not have killed miss vansittart or mademoiselle blanche.'let us go back now to ramat where all this started. prince ali yusuf gave the jewels to his pilot, bob rawlinson. bob rawlinson visited his sister, mrs sutcliffe, in her hotel in ramat, and stayed in her room for twenty minutes, even though she was not there. several different groups of people guessed that bob rawlinson had hidden the jewels somewhere in his sister's luggage. one group of people did not know where, and searched mrs sutcliffe's luggage and burgled her house. but someone else definitely knew where the jewels were hidden - in the handle of the tennis racquet belonging to mrs sutcliffe's daughter, jennifer.'this person went out to the sports pavilion one night, having previously made a copy of the key, to look at the tennis racquets. but miss springer saw a light in the sports pavilion and went out to investigate. discovered and recognized by miss springer, the killer did not hesitate... miss springer was shot dead. but the shot had been heard, and the crime was discovered almost immediately. the murderer had to escape quickly, leaving the tennis racquet behind.'a few days later a strange woman with an american accent spoke to jennifer sutcliffe and gave her a new tennis racquet, taking the old one away. but the woman did not know that jennifer sutcliffe and julia upjohn had swapped racquets, so the racquet that she took away was really julia upjohn's old racquet.'we come now to the second murder,' continued poirot. 'miss vansittart was looking at shaista's locker - probably looking for a clue to the girl's disappearance. someone followed her, and killed her with a sandbag. again the crime was discovered almost immediately - by miss chadwick.'the police again took charge of the sports pavilion, and again the killer had no opportunity to look at the tennis racquets. but by now, julia upjohn, an intelligent child, had realized that her racquet - which had belonged to jennifer - was important. she looked inside the handle and found the jewels. these she brought to me, and they are now safely in the bank.'poirot paused. 'as to the third murder, mademoiselle blanche knew - we do not know how - who the murderer was. she did not tell the police, but instead she asked the murderer for money to keep silent - blackmail. but there is nothing more dangerous than blackmailing a person who has killed perhaps twice already - and mademoiselle blanche too, was killed.' hercule poirot paused again. 'so that,' he said, looking around 'is the account of this whole affair.'they were all staring at him, and their faces now showed no emotion.'though of course,' added poirot, 'inspector kelsey, adam goodman and i have been making inquiries. we have to know, you see, if there is still a cat among the pigeons!'i am happy to say that everyone here is indeed who they say they are. so we are not looking for someone pretending to be someone else. the murderer is someone using their real identity.' everyone was very still now. there was a feeling of danger in the air.'we are looking,' continued poirot, 'for someone who was in ramat three months ago, and who saw bob rawlinson hide the jewels in the tennis racquet. miss chadwick was here at meadowbank, miss johnson was here, and so were miss rowan and miss blake.'he pointed his finger. 'but miss rich - miss rich was not here last term, was she?''i - no. i was ill.' she spoke quickly. 'i was away for a term.''so you could have been in ramat,' said poirot. 'i think you were. we can look at your passport.'there was a moment's silence, then eileen rich looked up. 'yes,' she said quietly. 'i was in ramat. i was ill and my doctor advised me to go abroad to rest.''that is true,' said miss bulstrode. 'i received a doctor's certificate saying that miss rich needed to rest for a term.''so - you went to ramat?' said hercule poirot.'why shouldn't i go to ramat?' eileen rich's voice shook a little. 'i wanted a rest and sunshine. i was there for two months.''there you were recognized,' said poirot, 'by jennifer sutcliffe. she thought she saw you in ramat, but said that the person she saw was fat, not thin.''what are you trying to say?' said miss rich. 'that i murdered these people? it isn't true, i tell you. it isn't true!''inspector kelsey?' poirot turned his head.inspector kelsey nodded. he went to the door, opened it, and mrs upjohn walked into the room.***'mrs upjohn,' said hercule poirot into the silence. 'we would like to ask you something. when you brought your daughter julia to meadowbank you looked out of the window of miss bulstrode's sitting room and recognized someone, did you not?'mrs upjohn stared at him. 'yes, i did see someone,' she said. 'someone i hadn't seen for years. i wondered what she was doing here.''mrs upjohn,' said inspector kelsey. 'will you look round this room and tell me if you see that person here now?''yes, of course,' said mrs upjohn. 'i saw her as soon as i came in. that's her.'she pointed her finger. inspector kelsey was quick and so was adam, but they were not quick enough. ann shapland had jumped up and was pointing a gun straight at mrs upjohn. miss bulstrode moved forward quickly and stood in front of mrs upjohn, but miss chadwick was even quicker.'no, you won't!' cried miss chadwick, and threw her body in front of miss bulstrode just as the gun was fired. miss chadwick slowly fell to the floor as adam and kelsey took hold of the struggling ann shapland, and took the gun away from her.'they said then that she was a killer,' said mrs upjohn breathlessly. 'she was one of the most dangerous young agents they had.''you liar!' ann shapland shouted angrily.'she does not lie,' said hercule poirot. 'you are dangerous. until now you have never been suspected when you have used your own identity. you have taken real jobs using your own name - all to gain information. you have worked at an oil company, with an archaeologist whose work took him all around the world, and an important government minister. ever since you were seventeen you have worked as a secret agent for many different people, and for a great deal of money. in most of your jobs you have used your own name, though for others you used a different identity. at those times you said you went home to look after your mother.'but i strongly suspect, miss shapland, that the elderly woman i visited is not your real mother. this genuine mental patient with a confused mind is your excuse for leaving your jobs. you did not spend three months this year with your "mother" - instead you went to ramat. not as ann shapland, but as angelica de toredo, a spanish dancer. from your hotel room you somehow saw bob rawlinson hide the jewels in the tennis racquet.'you could not take them then because the british people left ramat suddenly because of the revolution. instead you read the luggage labels and found out that jennifer sutcliffe was going to school at meadowbank. i have discovered that you paid miss bulstrode's secretary a large amount of money to leave her job - and you took her place.'one night you went to the sports pavilion to find the jewels,' poirot said. 'but miss springer saw you and followed you - and you shot her. later, mademoiselle blanche tried to blackmail you, and you killed her, too. it comes naturally to you, does it not, to kill?'he stopped. inspector kelsey stepped forward and officially arrested ann shapland, who swore and struggled wildly as she was taken out of the room.miss johnson was kneeling by miss chadwick. 'i'm afraid she's badly hurt,' she said. 'we need a doctor, immediately!'chapter twenty fourpoirot explains'you did it very well, monsieur poirot,' said inspector kelsey. 'you made ann shapland think that we were going to arrest miss rich, and mrs upjohn's sudden appearance completely surprised her. if the bullet in that gun matches the one that killed miss springer...''it will, my friend, it will,' said poirot.'then we'll have definite evidence that ann shapland murdered miss springer. and of course she shot miss chadwick. but i still don't understand how she killed miss vansittart. it's impossible - she has a perfect alibi.''it is true,' poirot said, 'that ann shapland killed miss springer and mademoiselle blanche. but miss vansittart -' he hesitated for a moment, and looked at miss bulstrode. 'miss vansittart was killed by miss chadwick.''miss chadwick?' exclaimed miss bulstrode and kelsey together.poirot nodded. 'i am sure of it.''but - but why?' said miss bulstrode.'i think,' explained poirot, 'that miss chadwick loved meadowbank too much. when you retired she wanted to be the next head teacher.''but she's much too old,' said miss bulstrode.'yes,' said poirot, 'but she didn't think so. then she found out that you were thinking of making eleanor vansittart head teacher. miss chadwick loved meadowbank, and she did not like eleanor vansittart. i think in the end she hated her. she was jealous.''i see...' said miss bulstrode slowly. 'yes, yes, i see... i should have known.''and when you went away for the weekend you chose eleanor vansittart to be in charge... said poirot gently. 'this is what i think happened. just as she said, miss chadwick saw the light in the sports pavilion and went out to investigate. but it was miss vansittart who took a golf club with her - not miss chadwick. miss chadwick took a sandbag, and when she saw eleanor vansittart kneeling down she lifted the sandbag and hit her.miss chadwick was horrified by what she had done - she had killed miss vansittart because of jealousy. but now she was sure she would be the next head teacher, so she told the police that she had taken the golf club, not the sandbag - which she put back.''but why did ann shapland kill mademoiselle blanche with a sandbag?' asked miss bulstrode.'because she could not use her gun, as the shot would be heard,' explained poirot. and she cleverly wanted to connect the third murder with the second one - because for the second murder she had an alibi.'and why did you ask eileen rich to draw various members of my staff?''i wanted to see if jennifer sutcliffe would recognize a face. but she did not recognize mademoiselle blanche with a different hairstyle, so it is doubtful that she would have recognized ann shapland.''so was ann shapland the woman with the racquet?' asked miss bulstrode.'yes,' said poirot. all this time she has been working alone - to get the jewels for herself. that day you rang your buzzer to ask for mademoiselle julia, ann shapland did not answer. she put on a blonde wig and a blue dress, and was away from her desk for only twenty minutes.''and miss rich?' miss bulstrode looked thoughtful.hercule poirot and inspector kelsey looked at each other. 'talk to her,' said poirot, as the two men left the room. 'that is the best thing to do.'when eileen rich appeared, her face was white. 'so you want to know what i was doing in ramat?''i think i know,' said miss bulstrode. 'jennifer said you were fat. she didn't realize you were pregnant.''yes,' said eileen rich. 'i was going to have a baby. i didn't want to lose my job here, so when i couldn't hide it any longer i said i was ill and went abroad to ramat. but my baby - my baby was born dead. i came back this term and hoped that no one would ever know. that's why i had to say no when you asked me to be the next head teacher.'she paused and said calmly, 'would you like me to leave now? or wait until the end of term?''i want you to stay - and come back next term,' said miss bulstrode, 'if there is one.''come back?' said eileen rich. 'do you mean you still want me?''of course i do,' said miss bulstrode. 'you haven't murdered anyone, have you? you had a love affair and a baby. but i think the real passion of your life is teaching.''oh yes,' agreed eileen rich. 'i love teaching more than anything else!''you're a fine teacher,' said miss bulstrode. 'together we'll work hard to make meadowbank successful again - and we'll do it.''it'll be the best school in england,' said eileen rich with excitement. 'yes, i'll stay.''good,' said miss bulstrode, 'and eileen, please go and get your hair cut properly. but now,' she said, her voice changing, 'i must go to chaddy.'***miss chadwick was lying in bed, very white and still. miss johnson and a policeman with a notebook sat nearby.'hallo, chaddy,' said miss bulstrode, taking her hand. miss chadwick's eyes opened.'i want to tell you,' she said. 'eleanor - it was - it was me.''yes, dear, i know,' said miss bulstrode.tears fell slowly down miss chadwick's cheeks. 'it's so awful... i didn't mean to do it. i was jealous. i'll never forgive myself.''but you saved my life,' said miss bulstrode, 'and you saved mrs upjohn. that matters too, doesn't it?''i only wish,' said miss chadwick, 'i could give my life for you both. then it would be all right...'miss bulstrode looked at her with great pity. miss chadwick took a deep breath and smiled. her head moved slightly to one side, and she died...'you did give your life, my dear,' said miss bulstrode softly. 'i hope you realize that now.'chapter twenty fivelegacy'mr robinson is here to see you, sir,' said georges.'ah!' said hercule poirot. he had received a letter from his friend colonel pikeaway about mr robinson. 'show him in, georges.'mr robinson came into the room, bowed and shook hands politely. when he sat down he wiped his large yellow face with a handkerchief.'i was interested to hear, monsieur poirot,' said mr robinson, 'of your involvement in the affairs of a girls' school - meadowbank. i hear too that three murders were committed by an unfortunate young woman - a young woman who had a violent hatred of schoolteachers...''no doubt,' said poirot dryly, 'that is what her defence lawyer will say.''she was good at her job, i believe,' sighed mr robinson. 'young, but very useful - to many different people. but it was a mistake for her to work alone, and try to take the jewels for herself.'poirot nodded.mr robinson leaned forward. 'i have come to ask where the jewels are now, monsieur poirot?' he asked. 'and what are you going to do with them?''i have been waiting for suggestions,' said poirot. 'they do not belong to me, and i would like to give them to their true owner.'and i am here to suggest that you give the jewels to me,' said mr robinson.'ah,' said poirot. and why should i do that?''because they were the personal property of the late prince ali yusuf, who told his friend bob rawlinson to get them out of ramat. if he succeeded, he was supposed to give the jewels to me.''have you proof of that?''certainly.' mr robinson handed him a large envelope, and poirot read the papers inside very carefully. 'it seems to be as you say,' he said. 'may i ask what you, personally, get for doing this?'mr robinson looked surprised. 'money, of course,' he said. 'a large amount of money. there are many people like me in the world. we arrange financial matters for important people - kings, presidents, princes. we charge a lot of money for our services, but we are honest.''i see,' said poirot. 'eh bien! i agree to what you ask. but i am curious. what are you going to do with the jewels?'mr robinson looked at hercule poirot. his large face smiled as he told poirot his plans.***children were playing and running in the street. one of them bumped into mr robinson as he stepped out of his expensive car.mr robinson opened the gate to number 15, and knocked on the door of the neat little house. the door was opened by a fair, pleasant looking girl of about twenty-five.'mr robinson?' she said with a smile. 'i got your letter. please come in.' she led him into a small sitting room. 'would you like some tea?' she asked.'thank you, but no. i can only stay a short time. as i said in my letter, i have come to bring you something.''from ali?''yes.''so there isn't - any hope? i mean - it's true? he's really dead?''i'm afraid so,' said mr robinson gently.'i didn't really expect to see him again when he went back to ramat,' said the girl. 'i knew he had to stay there, and marry one of his own people.'mr robinson took out a package and put it on the table. 'open it, please.'she opened the package, and breathed in quickly as she saw the beautiful, bright jewels inside. 'are they - are they real?''they are real,' said mr robinson. 'they are worth about one million pounds.''i can't believe it.' she wrapped the jewels up again, just as the door burst open and a small boy rushed in. 'mum, look! look at this. i -' he stopped, staring at mr robinson. the boy had dark hair and dark skin.'go in the kitchen, allen,' said his mother. 'your dinner's ready.''oh good.' he hurried out again.'you call him allen?' said mr robinson.'it was the nearest name to ali. it would have been difficult for him to be named after his father.' she paused. 'what am i going to do?''first, i need to see your marriage certificate,' said mr robinson. 'hmm, yes,' he said, when she gave it to him. ali yusuf... married to... alice calder... yes, this is all perfectly legal.''no one knew who he was,' said alice. 'i was pregnant with allen, and ali said we should be married. it was all he could do for me. he did love me. we always knew he would have to leave, but he did love me.''yes,' said mr robinson. 'i'm sure he did. now,' he continued, 'i can sell these jewels for you and get you a good lawyer to take care of your affairs. you're going to be a very rich woman.''yes, all right,' she said, giving him the jewels. 'take them. but i'd like to give one to the schoolgirl who found them. a green one, perhaps.''an excellent idea,' said mr robinson. he stood up. 'i shall charge you a lot of money,' he said, 'but i won't cheat you.'she looked at him calmly. 'no, i don't think you will. and i need someone who knows about business.''you seem to be a very sensible woman,' said mr robinson. 'now i will take the jewels. are you sure you don't want to keep one for yourself?''no,' said alice slowly. 'i won't keep... even one. i don't need jewels to remember ali. i have allen.''a most unusual woman,' said mr robinson to himself as he walked out to his car. 'yes, a most unusual woman...'