wield and singh sat in silence in one of the bedrooms at rosemont. the night air was perfumed by the hundreds of roses below them in the gardens.pascoe and another man were also in the house, while two others were outside in a car.singh was nervous, wide-awake and eager for his first taste of action. wield was bored. slowly, the hours passed.when it was light, pascoe came into the room. he gave a yawn.'all right. that's enough. go down to the kitchen and get some coffee. we'll try again tonight.'they went downstairs. as he passed patrick aldermann's study, pascoe heard a noise. he opened the door, and found dalziel looking through some papers in the desk.'come in, peter. had a good night, have you?' dalziel asked.'what are you doing here?' pascoe demanded. 'sir?''i thought you might need some company. nothing's happened, has it? i didn't think it would, but i didn't want to stop you when you were enjoying yourself so much. let's take a walk round the garden.' dalziel sounded friendly and relaxed.what the hell did he want? pascoe wondered.as they walked around the rose garden, he asked dalziel, 'do you still suspect patrick aldermann of something, sir?''me? no. why should i? a lot of people have died, it's true, but people are always dying, aren't they? and we've no bodies, have we? that's what we're short of, peter. bodies.'he sounded almost regretful, pascoe thought. they went back into the house, and had breakfast with wield and singh.'are we leaving now?' pascoe asked, when everyone had finished.'oh no,' dalziel said. 'we're here to catch some burglars, aren't we? we're staying.'he led them back upstairs, and then lay down on a bed.'wake me up when they come,' he said, and appeared to fall asleep.just after eight o'clock they heard a noise, and saw an old van coming into the garden. they could see caldicott and son, gardeners written on it.'they're here,' dalziel said, sitting up.'the gardeners!' pascoe exclaimed. 'is it them?''there's jonty marsh,' singh said. 'i can see him! and arthur!''clever, isn't it?' dalziel said. 'people need their gardeners to call, even when they are away on holiday. and the gardeners have plenty of time to study the house and decide what they want to steal.''they aren't stealing anything, sir,' wield said. 'so far, they're just doing their job.''give them time,' dalziel told him. 'one of them will cut the burglar alarm. one will come into the house. the others will stay in the garden, so everything looks nice and normal.'he's right! pascoe thought bitterly. he saw all this and i didn't. he may be old and fat, i may make jokes about him and laugh at him behind his back, but he's still a better policeman than i am.ten minutes went by before they heard someone come into the house.'let's go,' dalziel said. 'you stay here, singh. we don't want any cadets to get hurt.'they ran downstairs and found arthur marsh in the study with a bag in his hand. as marsh turned to run, dalziel threw his considerable weight forwards and held onto his leg.but arthur was not the only burglar in the house. jonty marsh, with a heavy silver candle-stick in his hand, pushed past wield and ran upstairs into one of the bedrooms. wield followed him.there was shouting, a cry, a crash and then silence.wield ran into the room, to find singh lying on the floor, blood pouring from his head. through the window, he caught sight of the old van, blocked now by a police car.then there was another cry, and he saw jonty marsh hanging white-faced outside the window. wield put all his strength into pulling the criminal in, although he would rather have tried to help the young police cadet lying unconscious at his feet. it was impossible to say whether he was alive or dead.chapter twenty one'nothing ever really changes'on tuesday night dick elgood arrived at the cottage too late to have a swim. unusually for him, the whispering of the sea in the dark night made him feel lonely and low-spirited, but he woke up next day to a sunny morning, and his mood became more cheerful.after breakfast he swam, coming out of the sea refreshed in mind and body, ready for the day ahead. he walked back to the cottage and went straight to the shower. the warm water washed the salt off him, and he had enjoyed the sensation for several minutes before he noticed that anything was wrong. his skin began to feel sore and painful. at first it wasn't too bad. his eyes felt as if they had soap in them. he opened them to wash it out.he screamed as the full force of the pain hit him. his eyes seemed to be on fire, and he crashed about blindly as he tried to run from the cottage and find his way down to the sea. only the sea, he felt, could make him clean, could save him from this pain. at last he fell into the waves, and the sea washed over his body.pascoe, dalziel, and wield had just been to visit shaheed singh. the young man lay in a hospital bed, his head heavily bandaged, but with a smile on his face. he was not seriously hurt, and the praise and kind words from those he thought of as his bosses were already making him feel better. soon his parents and his brothers and sisters would be coming to see him, all proud of the policeman in their family. he had helped to catch a gang of thieves, and was happier than he had been for a long time.back at the station, it was dalziel who heard the news first. he rushed into pascoe's office, shouting, 'he's dead! dick elgood's dead!''how?''drowned. his body's been found in the sea near his cottage.''what happened? a heart attack?''we don't yet know. find out, can you?'hours later, pascoe had his answer. he looked shocked as he told dalziel, 'all those bottles of pesticide and stuff he had to kill the insects in his garden. when he put them up in his roof, they must have fallen into his water tank, so that the poisons came out of his shower. poor elgood. he died a horrible death. it must have been an accident.''do you really believe that, inspector?' dalziel asked in a hard voice.'it must have been. you surely don't think patrick aldermann is involved? where's the motive? the business about the board is all over. and the opportunity? he's been away since monday, and on sunday night he and daphne were at our house.''were they indeed,' dalziel said. 'and later? he could have left his family asleep and driven back to the coast.''i suppose so. i'm sure daphne would know if he went out again that night.''ask her,' dalziel said. 'you're going there to talk to them about the burglars, aren't you? ask her then.'pascoe hesitated, and then said, 'if i must, sir.''oh yes,' dalziel told him. 'you know you bloody well must.'pascoe arrived at rosemont in the middle of a golden afternoon. daphne opened the door to him.'peter!' she cried, 'how nice to see you! come in. ellie's here. we're all out in the garden.''have you heard about dick elgood?'her face changed. 'yes. it's terrible news. was it a heart attack while he was swimming?'he was sure she wasn't acting.he went into the garden and found ellie there, with rose and the two aldermann children. david, the aldermanns' son, had been upset by the news of the burglary, and patrick and daphne had brought him home from school with them.'i'm here on business,' pascoe told ellie quietly.daphne brought out drinks for the children.'poor dick,' she said to ellie. 'you know, it's funny, but i felt on sunday that i might be seeing him for the last time.''really?' ellie clearly found this hard to believe.'yes, really. i couldn't sleep. i sat out here in the garden, feeling something terrible was about to happen.''what about patrick?' pascoe asked. 'did he feel the same?''oh no!' daphne laughed. 'he slept as well as he always does.'pascoe felt a great relief. clearly, patrick had been safely at home all that night.'where is patrick?' he asked. 'i think i'll go and have a word with him.''in his rose garden, of course,' daphne said. 'he's upset over dick's death. he always turns to his roses when he feels sad.'pascoe found patrick deadheading the roses with his sharp knife.'there's so much to do,' he said, continuing to work as they talked.'and now you've lost your gardeners.''yes. it's a great disappointment. old caldicott's father worked for uncle eddie, you know. how could they do such a thing?''it was brent, the son,' pascoe told him. 'he met arthur marsh in prison. old caldicott really didn't want to be involved. he told us he admired you, and thought you were a real gardener, unlike most people. but he was short of money, and i'm afraid brent must have persuaded him to join in the burglary.''it was a shock,' aldermann said, 'but dick elgood's death is a worse one. such a terrible waste. but then so much of his life was a waste.''he looked successful enough to me,' pascoe said.'did he? i suppose he thought he was a success, but i don't think he was a truly happy man.''what will happen to elgood ceramics now?''i don't know. there will be changes. but nothing ever really changes.'patrick spoke with the calm of one who knows the truth about life. everything had always happened as he knew it would. today he had gone to elgood's office. in the confusion it had been easy to find the original of aunt florence's will in the desk drawer, and to remove it. he had not felt that he was taking a risk. in the same way, it had been easy to wander into the cottage while elgood's guests were saying goodbye, to pull down the folding ladder, and to put the box of garden chemicals into the water tank, with the bottle tops loosened. three minutes. nobody had seen him. this was right. this was how it was meant to be, how it had been and how it always would be.david came running out to his father.'mummy says bring mr pascoe into the house for a drink now,' he said.'of course,' patrick said, continuing to cut off the deadheads. 'i'm sorry, peter. i'm not being a very good host, am i?'the sun shone suddenly on the knife, as it moved among the dead and dying flowers.'daddy,' said the little boy.'yes, david?''why are you doing that? what's it for?''well...' aldermann paused and then smiled, as if at a private joke.he closed the knife, and put it in his pocket.'i'll tell you some other time. we have our guests to look after. come on, peter, you must be hot. let's join daphne and ellie for a cool drink. isn't it a perfect day?'