patrick aldermann was standing in the garden at rosemont, breathing in the perfume of his roses. golden, pink, yellow, and red, they were a beautiful sight, and he smiled to himself as he inspected the flowers he loved.life had been kind to patrick. in his early thirties he still looked young and handsome. he was happily married, and had a son and a daughter, both at expensive private schools.his moment of peaceful enjoyment in the garden did not last long. the sound of his daughter diana's voice reminded him that today he had to drive her to school. normally his wife daphne did this, but her car had been damaged by vandals, and was at the garage, being repaired.he also knew that before he left he must find time to speak to his gardeners. they were the caldicotts, the same family who had worked for his great-aunt. the old man had died, and now dick, his son brent and two young assistants kept the gardens neat and tidy. one of them had left the greenhouse door open, and patrick wanted to make it clear to all of them that this was a serious offence. in future it would be better if none of them entered the greenhouse at all.daphne aldermann waited patiently for her husband, although she wanted to speak to her daughter's teacher that morning and was eager to go. she knew how important the garden was to patrick. a tall, good-looking, blonde woman, she had married young, very soon after the terrible accident that had killed her father. now, twelve years and two children later, she knew that she was very lucky - in every way but one. she did not feel she really knew her husband. he seemed to live in a different world from her, a world in which the future was as certain as the past. it was strange how frightening she found this.the sun was shining as they left rosemont, but by the time they reached diana's school, the sky was black.'oh no!' daphne said.'looks like rain, doesn't it?' patrick said. 'shall i wait and drive you into town?''no, thanks,' daphne replied. 'i'm not afraid of a bit of rain. look! that lot are here again.'she pointed to a small group of women, who were standing near the school gate. two of them had small children with them, and each was carrying a sign on which she had written her own message. private schools = public disaster was one; another was free schools for all children.'don't speak to them,' patrick advised her. 'goodbye, dear.'fifteen minutes later, finding herself out in the street in a heavy shower, daphne felt less happy about walking into town in the rain. she looked around for a friend, but all the other mothers had gone. as she hesitated on the pavement, she noticed a young woman with short black hair putting a baby into a rather old car. daphne wondered if she had seen her before, and smiled hopefully.'you look as if you need a lift,' the woman said.'thanks awfully. that's really most kind of you,' daphne replied.she opened the car door. as she did so, something on the back seat caught her eye. the words public disaster seemed to jump out at her.'it's all right,' the woman said. 'i won't talk about it.'a cold wind was blowing rain onto daphne's legs. she got in.'what a lovely little boy!' she said brightly, looking at the baby, who was wearing blue clothes.'actually, she's a girl,' the woman said, 'and she isn't always lovely. the blue clothes are a test of people's automatic reactions. why should pink mean a girl and blue a boy? let me introduce my daughter, rose.''and you,' daphne said coolly. 'are you rose's mother or her father?'for a moment the woman looked shocked. then she threw back her head and laughed loudly.'mother,' she said. 'my name's ellie. ellie pascoe. rose and i are on our way to have a cup of coffee. would you like to join us?''why not?' daphne said.ten minutes later daphne found herself drinking milky coffee in the market cafe, where ellie and rose seemed to be well-known customers. it was cheerful and noisy and full of shopkeepers from the market. it was not the sort of place daphne usually went to for coffee. she wondered if ellie had brought her there deliberately, hoping to make her feel uncomfortable - a rich woman among the workers. she saw ellie watching her in amusement, when suddenly all conversation in the cafe stopped. looking up, daphne saw that two policemen had come in. one was an elderly man, and the other a young asian, hardly more than a boy.the customers relaxed and started talking again as it became clear that the policemen only wanted a cup of tea. they were looking around for an empty table when, to daphne's surprise, the older man came towards her and ellie.'hello, mrs pascoe,' he said. 'how are you? how's little rose?''we're fine, mr wedderburn. who's your friend? i haven't seen him before.''this is police cadet shaheed singh,' wedderburn said. 'i'm introducing him to the joys of traffic control. singh, this is mrs pascoe, detective inspector pascoe's wife.'ellie smiled at singh.'will you join us?' she said.the young man smiled back at her, but wedderburn said, 'thanks, but we can't. a quick cup of tea and then we must get back to work. nice to see you, mrs pascoe.''well,' daphne said, when the men had gone, 'so i'm in with the police, am i?''my husband's in the police, yes,' ellie replied, 'but i'm not. what does your husband do, daphne?''he works for elgood ceramics.''so you take a big interest in sinks and toilets, do you?''not really,' daphne said, looking puzzled.'exactly,' ellie said. 'we may be married, but we are still individual people, aren't we?''yes, but it isn't as simple as that. what if i told you that my husband was involved in some crime? wouldn't you feel you should tell your husband?'ellie thought about it for a moment. then she said, 'i'm not sure. what if i told you my husband was investigating yours? would you feel you had to tell him?'before daphne could answer, she was interrupted by a well-built, middle-aged lady, dressed in bright colours, who was coming towards them with a cup of coffee in one hand, and a large plate of chocolate cake in the other.'hello!' she cried. 'it's daphne aldermann, isn't it? lovely to see you again! i always meant to keep in touch, but life gets so busy, doesn't it?'she turned and waved at three men, who were sitting at a table on the other side of the cafe.'coming, darlings! must rush, daphne. bye!''so you do know someone who comes here,' ellie said. 'you should have asked your friend to sit down. she looks like an interesting character.''do you really think so? well, mandy burke is hardly one of my best friends. her husband used to work with mine, until he died about four or five years ago. i've only met her once or twice since then. anyway, i don't think mandy would want to sit with two women and a baby when there are men she could be entertaining!'ellie laughed. she was finding this elegant lady a surprisingly amusing companion.'let me get you some more coffee, daphne,' she said.