penny highsmith enjoyed her food and drink, but she could not compete with andy dalziel, with whom she was having dinner at a restaurant. the amount of good red meat and good red wine he was working his way through had the waiters staring in disbelief.he was also enjoying being in the company of an attractive and intelligent woman, and he told penny so.'i'm so glad, andy,' she said. 'i had been wondering if you found me again just by chance, or whether there was some deliberate plan behind it.''you mean we were supposed to meet? written in the stars? that sort of thing?''not exactly. police investigations is more what i was thinking. but now i see you enjoying yourself so much, i don't believe you can be pretending.''of course not. i'm having a wonderful time.''good. of course, i did check on you with patrick, when i saw him yesterday.''oh,' dalziel said, surprised. 'did he stay long?''no. he never does. we've never been terribly close.''strange, after you brought him up by yourself. did you never think of marrying his dad?''mind your own business.''sorry. but it must have been hard.''some people were less than kind to me, but it wasn't so bad. aunt flo and uncle eddie were very generous.''and then she left you rosemont and all that money. were you surprised when you heard the will?'he watched her carefully. he had been thinking about pascoe's discussion with masson, and he had some ideas of his own.'there was no will,' penny said. 'i inherited because i was her only living relation.''and patrick, of course.''oh yes. patrick always loved rosemont. aunt flo was the ambitious one. she wanted the big house. eddie wasn't interested in that, but he loved the gardens, especially the roses.''just like patrick.''oh yes. i prefer london. there's more life here. i'm a city girl, myself.''patrick must have been upset when your uncle died.''he was,' she said, 'although he never shows things like that. i think he loved eddie more than he loved me. i tried to tell him that we might not be going to rosemont again, after eddie died, but it was strange, he took no notice of me. he was sure he would be staying at rosemont for ever. and of course he was right. but why are we talking about all this?''just passing the time. so aunt flo dropped dead in the rose garden, and fortunately for you she had just torn up her will.'immediately her face changed. her black curls shook with anger.'what are you saying? that i destroyed the will? is that it?'her voice had risen almost to a shout and people were looking at them, but it was impossible to embarrass dalziel.'well, didn't you? no one would blame you if you did.'penny sprang to her feet, almost knocking over her chair.'you fat pig!' she shouted. 'you don't change! i'm not staying here with you another moment!'he watched her disappear through the door. then he paid the bill, and picked up her bag, which she had left on a chair.in the street, he called a taxi and got into it, leaving the door open. in a second penny appeared, and got into the taxi too.'can i have my bag?' was all she said.at the door to her flat she tried to go in alone, but dalziel put his shoulder in the door.'listen,' he said. 'i've really enjoyed this evening. it's been grand. thank you.'she gave him a puzzled look.'what are you really after?''friendship. that's all. look, just let me come in and check your flat for burglars. london is a dangerous place for a woman to live on her own.'she laughed, so he went ahead.'seems ok,' he said. 'i'll just check the bedroom.'with the confidence of someone who is not expecting trouble, he opened the door. the man standing behind the door hit him hard on the nose, then rushed past to the front door, knocking penny to the floor as he went.dalziel's eyes filled with water. as he rubbed them, he saw penny struggling to get up. her lovely black hair seemed to have moved somehow, and underneath it other hair, short and grey, could be seen.'are you all right?' he asked.'yes, even though you're still here! what should i do, call the police?''i am the police, remember?' dalziel said. he helped her up and they went round the flat. the burglar had been neat, and did not seem to have taken anything. dalziel advised her to change her door locks. then he took off his tie and sat down.'what do you think you're doing?' penny protested.'i can't leave you all alone after a shock like that,' he said, 'now can i? you need a friend with you at a time like this.'for a moment she looked angry. then she smiled, took off the black wig, and ran her fingers through her short grey hair. suddenly, she looked fifteen years older.'i can take my teeth out, too,' she said.'grand, love,' dalziel said. 'i was afraid i might be too old for you.'