ellie was not in a very good temper when the phone rang.before becoming rose's mother, ellie had been a teacher. she was continuing to do a little teaching even now, with a small baby to look after. this morning she was trying to mark a pile of tests she had given her students, and was finding it difficult to concentrate on them. she should have been marking them instead of waiting for daphne in the cafe - and then daphne had not even bothered to come!she picked the phone up.'i want to see you!' daphne's voice said.'do you? you should have been at the market cafe, then, when i was sitting waiting for you!''i'm coming to see you now,' daphne said, and put the phone down.she sounded cold and unfriendly.a short time later, she was at the door.ellie had decided to meet her with a smile.'i'm glad to see you. you don't know how bored i was, marking these tests!''no, i don't know,' daphne said. 'i'm too stupid to know anything, aren't i? i suppose you think i've got too much money and not enough sense, but at least i don't go around spying on my friends!'she was pink with anger. it made her look very pretty, ellie thought.'please sit down, daphne,' she said, 'and tell me what this is all about.''don't pretend you don't know. just tell me one thing. did you know from the start that your husband was investigating mine?''oh dear,' ellie said. 'this is difficult.''it's a simple question.''no, it isn't. let's go back to the beginning. i gave you a lift in my car because it was raining. i didn't know who you were then. i kept on meeting you because i found i liked you.''to your great surprise!''well, yes,' ellie said. 'you are different from my other friends. i suppose i was quite pleased that i could get on so well with someone like you.''you're avoiding the main question,' daphne said sourly, but she looked a little more relaxed.'when you told me your name, and where your husband worked, i realized that peter was investigating him, but i didn't do anything about it. i didn't want to ruin our friendship. also, i like to keep some things in my life separate from my husband. in any case, the investigation didn't sound very serious.''if you wanted to be my friend, how could you discuss me with your husband?''i talked about you as a friend, that's all,' ellie said. 'please believe me. i'm sorry you're so upset about all this. what's happened to make you so angry all of a sudden?''can't you guess? after all, you know everything about me. dick elgood told me.''about what?''about that stupid complaint he made to the police. he told me your husband was on the case. then dick told him to stop the investigation because it was all a silly mistake, but it's continuing, isn't it?''yes,' ellie said, 'i believe so. i don't know any details. you must believe me! but i don't understand. why did dick elgood tell you this?''you really don't know?''no!''then i'll tell you. when i parked my car, the day it was scratched, i was meeting dick, to go to his cottage. i spent the day there with him.''why, what did...' ellie found herself unable to finish her question.daphne stared at her. 'i was having an affair with him. so you didn't know? how interesting that your husband hasn't told you. or perhaps he doesn't know either. will your deep friendship for me allow you to tell him, i wonder?'she started to walk towards the door.'please stay, daphne,' ellie cried. 'we must talk some more.''not now,' daphne said coolly. 'meet me tomorrow morning at the chantry coffee house. you can tell me then whether you've decided to tell your husband about me and dick.'