that saturday had begun well for dick elgood. at eleven o'clock he was sitting in his office, waiting for a visitor.the visitor wore dark glasses and a hat, so that he would be difficult to recognize. daphne had seen him, and he had pretended to be from the water company. dalziel had surprised him at penny highsmith's flat. he was raymond easey, a private detective.easey's job had been to gather evidence of patrick aldermann's financial difficulties. he had done that well, and he had done more than that. he had followed aldermann to a london flat, discovered that it belonged to his mother, and waited until he had seen her go out with a fat man. then he had searched the flat and found an interesting document - florence aldermann's will.dick elgood was clearly delighted to see the will.'do you think she'll realize it's gone?' he asked.'i don't think so. people put something in a safe place, and then forget where it is.'easey was right. the will really had been lost after aunt florence's death. then penny had found it, and put it away while she decided what to do. her lawyer, masson, had suggested that the lack of a will meant that she would get the money eddie had wanted her to have. she thought about it. the will remained hidden. finally, she forgot all about it.elgood paid easey a large amount of money, and when the detective had left, he telephoned patrick aldermann.'listen to me,' he said. 'i've got a document here that would interest you. it's a will. it seems that that great big house and garden of yours have never really belonged to you at all.'there was a long pause. then patrick said calmly, 'i'd be interested to see this document. are you at your office? can i come and see it now?'easey had gone, and elgood was alone in the building.'no,' he said. 'don't do that. i'm leaving the office now, but i'll be at the cottage tomorrow. i'm having a lunch party. why don't you come? bring the family. oh, and bring a letter, too, saying you withdraw from your attempt to get a place on the board.''certainly,' patrick said politely. 'where exactly is the cottage?''ask daphne,' elgood said. 'she'll know where it is.'afterwards, he thought that that had been an unnecessary, and possibly unwise, remark to make. then he put it out of his mind. he made a copy of the will, and locked the original in a drawer in his desk. then he started phoning people to invite them to lunch. among his guests were his old friend andy dalziel and dalziel's young inspector, peter pascoe.the following day was hot, and the guests at the party spent much of their time lying on the beach in the sun or swimming. most of the children had taken off their clothes, and the women wore only the briefest of bikinis. even dalziel had taken off his jacket.'look at andy!' ellie whispered to pascoe. 'that nose looks terrible. do you really believe that story about a burglar in patrick's mother's flat? i think it was really penny herself who hit him!''i don't think so,' pascoe said. 'from what i've heard, i think she and andy rather enjoyed meeting each other again.'daphne came out of the sea and threw herself down on the beach next to ellie. 'isn't this lovely?' she said.'yes,' said ellie. 'you look very happy today, daphne. i'm so glad everything seems to be going well for you and patrick.''yes. it's like a story with a happy ending for us!'elgood was an attentive host, moving among his guests with a word and a smile for everyone, but he did not stop until he reached patrick aldermann.'patrick, come up to the cottage with me,' he said. 'i've been trying to make a little garden here, but i can't get anything to grow. if anyone can advise me, you can.''of course,' patrick said, 'it will be a pleasure.'the two men went together across the beach and up the cliff path. dalziel watched them go.'true friendship,' he said in pascoe's ear. 'does you good to see it. what's that rubbish you're drinking?''actually, sir, it's a very pleasant wine i'm taking to ellie,' pascoe said.'that's another thing. when i was married, i'd never have let my wife lie around on a beach in one of those bikini things.'he gave a loud and unpleasant laugh.'well, it's too hot for me here. i'm going to find somewhere cool, inside. sun boils your brains, you know. that's why most foreigners are half daft.'pascoe sighed. it was clear that too much whisky, as well as too much sun, was affecting dalziel. he took ellie her drink, and then followed his boss up the cliff path.patrick aldermann was standing alone in the doorway of the cottage.'where's dick?' asked dalziel.'having a shower,' patrick told him.'why does he want a shower? he's just been in the sea, hasn't he?' said dalziel, and he pushed past patrick and went into the kitchen to see what he could find in elgood's fridge.pascoe caught aldermann's eye, and the two men smiled.'let me give you these now,' aldermann said, handing pascoe a bunch of keys. they had arranged, during pascoe's visit to rosemont, that while patrick and daphne were away, the police would wait in the house at night, hoping to catch the burglars red-handed.'thank you,' pascoe said. 'we'll take great care of your house, sir. and the garden, of course. you're leaving in the morning, i believe?''yes. look, please don't call me "sir". our wives have become so friendly with one another. call me patrick.'pascoe smiled. 'thank you, patrick. and you must call me peter.'at that moment elgood came into the hall, and took patrick out into the garden.'one of your problems here is salt, of course,' patrick told him, 'and another is insects. you need to do something about them, or they'll eat everything you plant.''oh, i've got some stuff for them,' elgood said. he took patrick back into the cottage and showed him a large box full of bottles.patrick bent over to look. 'you've got enough chemicals here to kill all the insects in yorkshire!' he said disapprovingly. 'this is dangerous stuff. you shouldn't leave it where children could find it.''all right, all right,' elgood said, rather annoyed. 'i'll put it somewhere safe.'he reached up and opened a small door in the ceiling. a folding ladder came down.'there's some space up there by the water tank,' he said. 'i had to get a new tank when i had the shower put in.'he carried the box up the ladder.'satisfied now?' he said to patrick.'nice place you've got here, dick,' dalziel said, coming out of the kitchen with a glass in his hand. 'just the right size for a loving couple.''remind me to invite you some time, andy,' elgood replied.the rolls of fat on dalziel's stomach shook with laughter. 'that would really give people something to gossip about!' he said. 'you staying here tonight, dick?''no. i've got to be in the office early tomorrow. i'll be here again on tuesday night. i like to have a swim and relax here before a really important meeting.'he gave patrick a pitying look, which pascoe thought was rather unpleasant of him.meanwhile, on the beach, daphne was saying to ellie, 'i think for the first time i really understand patrick. everything is so wonderful at the moment. i can't tell you how happy we are!'