'i think someone is killing people'richard elgood was sixty years old, but as he came towards peter pascoe, he moved like a dancer in his soft leather shoes.pascoe shook elgood's hand and smiled.'sit down, mr elgood. how can i help you?'elgood did not smile, although he had a pleasant, cheerful face.'i'm not sure how to begin, inspector,' he said.they both sat down. pascoe waited, watching the man, noticing his silk tie, the gold tie-pin, the expensive cut of his suit.'please, mr elgood,' pascoe said. 'tell me about it.'elgood took a deep breath.'there's this man. in our company. i think he's killing people.'pascoe was tired. he had been working for much of the previous night, waiting in a garden for some burglars who never came. he desperately wanted to sleep.'can you give me just a little more detail?' he asked.'i certainly can,' elgood said. 'i'd rather tell my friend andy dalziel, but if he trusts you, i'll trust you too.'he smiled at pascoe, and pascoe said, 'mr dalziel's very sorry he can't see you himself.'what detective chief superintendent dalziel had actually said was, 'i haven't got time to waste on old dick elgood this morning. you look after him for me. and take him seriously. he's got a sharp mind, he's made more money than you or i will ever see, and he's got a lot of influence in this part of yorkshire.''all right,' pascoe had said, 'but who is elgood? what does he do?''oh, you've seen his name,' dalziel had smiled, showing yellow teeth. 'we've all seen it many times.' then he had gone, leaving pascoe puzzled.'now, mr elgood,' pascoe said. 'you say this man works for your company. what kind of company is it?''ever use a toilet?' elgood asked.pascoe stared at him, speechless.'then you've seen my name,' elgood went on. 'we make toilets, sinks, all that kind of thing.''of course!' pascoe exclaimed. 'elgood ceramics. i should have known.''i built that company up with my own hands,' elgood said proudly. 'i started with nothing, and got where i am through hard work and hard work alone.''and this... er... killer,' pascoe said. 'he works for you, does he?''yes.''well, who is it? you must give me his name.'elgood hesitated. then he said in a low voice, 'it's aldermann. patrick aldermann.'later that day, pascoe went to see chief superintendent dalziel, and told him what elgood had said.dalziel laughed. 'dick's always been a bit odd, but i never thought he was actually soft in the head before!''do you know him well?' pascoe asked.'known him for years. he's quite a character, is old dick. did you notice the way he dresses, all silk shirts and gold rings? you wouldn't look twice at him in london, but you don't expect a plain yorkshire boy to grow up into something like that. and the women! a new one every week, if you believe the gossip. wish i had the secret of his success!''i see, sir,' pascoe said. 'what exactly would you like me to do?''tell me what you know so far.''elgood thinks aldermann has killed two men who worked for his company. their names were brian bulmer and timothy eagles. bulmer died in a car crash after the office party last christmas. eagles had a heart attack at his desk.''why does dick think aldermann was involved?''i was about to tell you. aldermann kept giving bulmer drinks at the party, almost forcing him to drink too much to drive safely, elgood says. and aldermann shared an office with eagles.''why should aldermann want to kill bulmer and eagles?''aldermann is ambitious. well, not exactly ambitious...''make up your mind. is he or isn't he?''elgood doesn't think aldermann is very interested in his job,' pascoe explained, 'so he isn't really ambitious. but he needs more money. he would improve his chance of a better-paid job with bulmer and eagles out of the way.''does dick really believe that?' dalziel said. 'something else must have happened to make him come to the police. what was it?''you're right,' pascoe said. 'something did happen. it seems he had a quarrel with aldermann last friday. elgood told aldermann that he didn't intend to promote him, although bulmer and eagles had gone. then he had to go out to a meeting, and after that he returned to his office and worked until late. when he turned on his desk lamp, he got a powerful electric shock. he thought it was just an accident. then yesterday morning he went to open his garage door - one of those metal up-and-over doors. it came off its supports and almost crashed down on top of him. fortunately, he just managed to jump out of the way. that's when he started to feel frightened.''um,' said dalziel. he scratched his huge stomach thoughtfully. 'why doesn't dick want to promote aldermann?' he asked.'two reasons, sir. the first is simply that he doesn't think aldermann is very good at his job. the second is office politics. there are some people on the company's board of directors who would like to weaken elgood's position as chairman, to take some of his power from him. they want aldermann on the board just because they know elgood doesn't want him.''is that a fact? i think we'd better have a look at mr aldermann for ourselves, don't you? got any good ideas on how we can go and see him without making him suspicious?''actually, i have, sir,' pascoe said. 'sergeant wield has given me some interesting information about a car which was badly scratched, probably by vandals, while it was parked in town the other day. it seems the owner is a mrs daphne aldermann, who lives at rosemont house.'