mrs florence aldermann hated to see her garden looking so neglected. her old gardener, caldicott, and his son, dick, had not been working properly. that was because she had refused to employ dick's son brent. brent had stolen some fruit from her garden, and that was a serious crime to mrs aldermann. she would have to get rid of the caldicotts.with this thought in her mind, she took her sharp knife and angrily cut the dead flowers from a rosebush. as the deadheads fell into her bucket, she realized that someone was watching her.'patrick,' she called crossly, 'come here!'slowly the boy came up to her. aged about eleven, he was still small for his age. his face was pale and expressionless.mrs aldermann could never see patrick without feeling angry. she had been angry when her niece penelope had produced this unwanted child. she had been even angrier when penelope refused to say who the father was. mrs aldermann's anger was strong and long-lasting. she still felt angry with poor eddie aldermann, her husband, for dying two years ago and leaving her alone to look after rosemont, this big house and its demanding gardens. finally, she was angry with herself for growing old and tired, angry with herself for having a heart attack while shopping in london six months ago.it was lucky that penelope had been with her when illness struck. penny was sensible, calm, and an excellent nurse. nothing upset penny. she had shown no anger or bitterness, for example, when told that after mr aldermann's death the money he had given her for years would stop.florence aldermann came out of her private hospital as soon as she was well enough to travel, and returned to rosemont. penny came with her and looked after her perfectly. the only problem was that where penelope went, patrick had to go too. despite this, mrs aldermann had asked her niece to stay with her at rosemont permanently. the house was too big for her to live in alone, and penny would be grateful, she felt sure, to be offered a home in such a lovely part of yorkshire. she could not believe her ears when penelope said she was missing london, and would have to think about her aunt's offer. how could anyone prefer a tiny, dark london flat to a fine old house like rosemont, with its beautiful gardens!mrs aldermann was about to speak crossly to patrick, but before she could open her mouth, the boy said, 'uncle eddie used to do that. why do you do it?'his interest surprised her. she spoke less angrily than she had planned to.'when the flowers fade and begin to die,' she said, 'we have to cut them off, so that new flowers can grow. we call it deadheading.' as she spoke, she expertly sliced off another faded, sweet-smelling rose.'deadheading,' he repeated. 'so that the new young flowers can grow.''that's right, patrick.'she felt almost pleased with the boy. for the first time, she looked at him with interest. the caldicotts had failed her, but what if patrick could be trained to look after her roses? what an excellent - and cheap - gardener he might become!she smiled at him.'here, patrick, take the knife. i'll show you how to deadhead roses. be careful. it's extremely sharp. it belonged to your great uncle eddie.'carefully, he took the knife in his hand.'let me see you remove this deadhead,' she ordered him. she took hold of a dead flower. 'cut it just here, patrick. patrick! are you listening to me?'he looked from the knife to his great-aunt. his face was not quite so expressionless as usual. there was something new there. he ignored the dead rose, and slowly raised the knife so that the sunlight shone on the polished steel.'patrick!' said mrs aldermann, taking a step back.the rose that she had been holding towards him escaped from her hand, and its thorns dug painfully into her arm. then there were other, more violent sensations in her shoulder and neck, which had nothing to do with the rose thorns.she screamed once before she fell backwards into the rose-bed. petals from the dying roses rained down on her.patrick waited until all movement had stopped. then he dropped the knife, and ran towards the house, shouting for his mother.