dick elgood was totally relaxed, floating on his back in the warm sea.if he raised his head, he could look across the beach to his holiday cottage, which stood near the edge of a cliff.twenty years ago, when he had bought the cottage, it had not been so near the edge, but every winter the sea brought more of the cliff crashing down onto the beach.elgood did not worry about that. he had no child to leave the cottage to. he had bought it cheaply. he was rather fascinated by its impermanence and the way the coast was always changing.here he could relax, with a woman friend or alone. today he wanted to be alone. he had had to deal with a difficult meeting the day before. times were hard, and some of his workers were to lose their jobs, but he had managed the situation well, and now this sunny day of peace was his reward.or perhaps not. a car was stopping by the cottage. he thought for a moment of hiding, but knew he must face her. it was daphne aldermann. he swam to the beach.'hello, love,' he said. 'this is a nice surprise. how did you know i was here?''patrick was talking to eric quayle on the phone last night. he told him.'talking, were they, elgood thought. perhaps patrick thought quayle could get him onto the board. good thing he had made that phone call to london yesterday. that should put a stop to aldermann's little plan.he smiled at daphne. 'come up to the cottage, love, and have a cup of coffee. how long can you stay?'as they climbed the cliff path, daphne said, 'doesn't it frighten you, the sea getting closer every year? it's pretty here, but it's so impermanent.''not like rosemont, you mean? but even rosemont won't last for ever. nothing will. i like change. it doesn't worry me.'daphne made the coffee while he got dressed. as soon as they sat down, she said, 'dick, i came to tell you that it's over between us.'he wasn't surprised. she had never been really interested in him, he could tell. this was no disappointment, and he found it easy to smile and say, 'well, we're still friends. we've hurt no one. don't feel guilty about it.'his affair with daphne had been unplanned and unexpected.he had met her when aldermann joined the company as assistant to chris burke. he was charming to her, more from habit than because she attracted him, but he found her eager to meet him to discuss her husband's job and salary. he supposed that they were short of money. or several occasions he took her out for lunch.then burke died, and patrick took his job. later, after eagles had died, elgood saw that patrick hoped for a place on the board, and knew that he didn't want him there. he was honest with daphne, telling her how he felt. it was later the same day that he told patrick, 'if you ever get a place on the board, it'll be over my dead body!'dick elgood did not expect to hear from daphne again, but to his surprise she had telephoned, asking to see him. he had already planned a visit to his cottage next day, so he invited her to come with him. he was not sure she would come until the moment she had driven into the car park and jumped into his car.all the way to the coast she talked nervously about patrick. he still seemed to be so sure of success. it was as if he knew the future, knew for certain that he would be all right, and that he would always have rosemont.a few drinks at the cottage relaxed her, but she still looked worried and nervous when elgood finally took her in his arms.the next morning back at home the garage door had crashed down, narrowly missing him.now daphne said, 'i'm really not the type to have an affair like this. i had to see you to make you understand. i felt so awful when the police came to ask questions about my car. i kept remembering those boys in the car park and wondering if they remembered me.'the police were interested in your husband, not you, elgood thought, but he could hardly tell her that!'i must go in a minute. i feel better now we've talked,' daphne said. 'i worry about such silly things. you know, recently i've met a woman and become friendly with her. she happens to be a policeman's wife. i like her a lot. she's really bright and independent. but i find myself waking up in the middle of the night thinking she's been told to spy on me!''have you told patrick about your new friend?' elgood asked.'oh, yes. he wasn't bothered. he just told me to ask her and her husband to dinner.''what's her name?''ellie pascoe.'to daphne's horror, elgood put his head in his hands and made a strange noise.'are you all right?' she asked in alarm.'i wish i knew,' he said. 'sit down again, daphne. i've got something to tell you.'