next afternoon pascoe went to see elgood in his office. he found him eating a sandwich at his desk, looking rushed and nervous.'had your lunch?' elgood asked him. 'lucky man! can't talk to you for long. got a meeting to go to.''these are tough times in business,' pascoe said.'yes. look, i'm beginning to feel i've been a bit soft, coming to see you. i should have thought about it first. last thing i want is policemen all over the office, asking people questions. i got a bit upset the other day, that's all.'pascoe said nothing. then he put a bag down on elgood's desk. 'your lamp,' he said. 'we've checked it. and the garage door. there's no proof there was any criminal action. no proof there wasn't, either.''i see. looks as if i've made a bit of a fool of myself, doesn't it? thanks for calling, inspector.''one more thing. a man called burke used to work here, didn't he?''yes. what about it?''he fell off a ladder and broke his neck, didn't he? and then patrick aldermann got his job. looks a bit suspicious.''doesn't mean a thing,' elgood said. 'an accident. and anyway, it was four years ago! well, i'm a busy man, and i suppose you are too. at least i've given andy dalziel something to laugh about.'pascoe was about to leave the office, when he caught sight of a photograph on the wall. elgood was in the centre of it, a confident smile on his face. among the names underneath the photo was aldermann.'who's that?' pascoe asked. 'any relation to our patrick?''his great-uncle,' elgood said. 'eddie aldermann. a great man, was eddie. very good accountant. could have been very rich, but he spent it all on that big house, rosemont. his wife, florence, wanted the big house, and eddie wanted the garden, and that's where the money went.''any children?''no.''so they left the house to patrick?''no. it went to flo aldermann's niece, penny highsmith. nice girl, was penny. patrick's her son.''so she's penny highsmith and he's patrick aldermann. how is that?''oh, patrick thought the sun shone out of eddie,' elgood said. 'changed his name to aldermann, didn't he? wanted to be a second eddie. well, he can grow roses all right, but he's not the accountant eddie was, not by a long way.''yet you gave him a job?''why not? for eddie's sake. patrick was working for a company in harrogate for a bit, but then he left. he didn't find a new job too easily. i think myself he was living on his great-uncle's money, spending most of his time on those gardens of his. the job with us was only temporary, but then chris burke died, so patrick took his place.''but he isn't a great success?''he doesn't do too badly,' elgood said. 'his heart isn't in it, though. he isn't really interested. people like him. he has charm, has patrick. look, i must go now. forget i ever came to see you. forget what i said about patrick aldermann. you understand me, don't you? just drop it!'pascoe was left alone. as he walked out of the building, a tall dark man went through the door just ahead of him. he stopped to get into a car, and pascoe noticed the beautifully shaped rose he wore in his buttonhole. it was a most unusual pinky-blue colour. surely, this had to be patrick aldermann.as pascoe passed the car, he exchanged greetings with the man, who then said, 'can i give you a lift?''no, thanks,' pascoe replied, 'i've got my own car here. excuse me, but i can't help looking at your rose. what a fascinating colour!''do you like it?' the man said. 'it's called blue moon. please take it.''oh, i couldn't!''why not? blue moon means improbability. we all need a little improbability in life, don't we? we must find the courage to reach out and take what life offers us.'he put the rose in pascoe's hand.