shaheed singh was at the top of the multi-storey car park where daphne aldermann's car had been damaged.ever since his visit to rosemont with sergeant wield, he had been thinking about the case. he wanted so badly to do something right, to be a success as a policeman. most of his old schoolfriends had no jobs. he supposed he was lucky, but at the moment he didn't feel it. important men like dalziel and pascoe never noticed him, sergeant wield seemed to think he was a fool, and some of the others - well, he was sure they disliked him just because he was black.he looked at his watch. time to go. wedderburn would be waiting for him for more boring traffic control.at that moment the lift doors opened and five youths got out. he knew two of them, jonty marsh and mick feaver. they had been in his class at school.'hello, shady!' they yelled. 'what's going on?''someone's been damaging cars,' he told them, thinking quickly. 'we've got to catch them.''we!' laughed jonty. 'there's only you here. you'll never catch anyone!''no,' singh said seriously. 'you don't understand. the others are hidden, waiting. i've been sent out to have a word with you, because i said i knew you at school.'he wasn't sure if jonty believed him, but mick and the others looked frightened and guilty. singh had suspected his old friends. now he was becoming sure that they had done the damage. he went on, half proud of himself, half ashamed of his power over these boys.'the thing is, there's more to this than damage to a few cars. there's one car we're very interested in. if you have any information about it, you'll be helping us, and we always try to be nice to people who do that.'he described daphne's car to them. what happened next was better than anything he could have expected.'yeah, we saw her all right!''blonde hair, yeah, tasty piece she was!''we know what she was getting into his car for!'in a few minutes shaheed singh discovered that daphne aldermann had parked her car and got straight into another one. it was a big car, a bmw, and there was a man at the wheel.