police cadet shaheed singh was in a difficult situation. walking past the shops on his way to the police station, he had met a couple of his old schoolfriends. they seemed pleased to see him and, as they had no jobs, they had plenty of time to ask him about his, and to admire his uniform.the trouble was, the group had grown bigger, some silly games had started, and now they had taken his hat, and everyone was trying it on and laughing. he wanted to be friendly, but he also wanted his hat back, and he didn't know how to get it.'excuse me, officer,' a woman's clear voice cut through the laughter. 'can you help me, please? i'm looking for the chantry coffee house. can you direct me to it? are you going that way yourself?''yes, of course,' singh said. he held out his hand, and someone gave him his hat. he put it on carefully.when they had walked a short distance, he said, 'thank you, mrs pascoe. they're not bad lads, you know. they just haven't got anything else to do.''you're luckier than they are,' ellie said. 'you found a job.''oh, i could have worked in my dad's shop,' singh said. 'i thought i'd rather be in the police.''and are you enjoying it?''it gets a bit boring sometimes. i'm ambitious, mrs pascoe. i want to do really well and get promoted fast.'he stopped as they reached the coffee house, and he could see mrs aldermann waiting for her inside. it did not surprise him that she and mrs pascoe were friends. to him the two women seemed very similar - confident, middle-class women who never had to worry about things like money. this thought would probably have annoyed ellie, who considered that she was much more modern and progressive than daphne.police cadet singh walked back to the station, thinking about mrs aldermann. he could not understand why sergeant wield had wanted to talk to her for so long about her car. he had no idea that wield was interested in patrick aldermann.when he arrived at the station, the first person he saw was david bradley, one of the men who had been sent to the car park to examine the damaged cars.'got a moment?' singh asked him.'what's up, young shady?' bradley asked.'that mrs aldermann. the one whose car was damaged wield's been asking her questions.''wield? why's he interested? there's nothing to say about her. a man called us. he was angry because his car had been scratched. she didn't seem to care. just wanted to jump in the car and go, without speaking to us.''didn't she have to stop and put all her shopping in the back of the car?''shopping? she didn't have any. what's all this about, young shady? are you after mr dalziel's job already?''just trying to learn how it's done,' singh said. 'did you say all the cars had been parked there by nine?''yes. all right, sherlock holmes? is that enough for you?''thanks.' singh said. he wished bradley wouldn't talk to him as if he were an annoying child. nobody else was treated like that. did they do it to him just because he was black? he would show bradley! he would show them all just how good at his job he could be!'if elgood says forget it, then forget it.' dalziel said.'i'm sorry, sir,' pascoe told him, 'but i feel there's something wrong. what's strangest of all is that elgood told us aldermann had killed bulmer and eagles, but he's sure burke's death was an accident.''dick will have a reason, believe me,' dalziel said. 'remember, he's no fool. he's playing some game. we'll find out sooner or later what it is.''well, i didn't have much luck,' pascoe went on, 'but i did meet aldermann. he gave me a blue rose.''he showed me his roses, too,' said wield, coming in quietly. 'he was difficult, to talk to at first, but he really came to life when he talked about the roses.''more interested in the roses than in his family?' pascoe asked.'plenty of men are more interested in their hobbies than their families,' dalziel said sharply. 'it's not a crime yet.''he really loves those roses,' wield said. 'you should see him deadheading them, sir. he's got a special sharp knife. he uses it so skilfully.''i hope you're not suggesting that just because he cuts the heads off roses with his nice shiny knife, he does the same to people!''no, of course not, sir,' agreed wield.'so why should we waste time on this business?''curiosity, sir,' pascoe said immediately.'curiosity?''yes. i want to know how this man, who isn't very good at his job, has got so far. he may be about to join the board of directors of an important company.''half the people in top jobs don't deserve them,' dalziel said. 'listen, he sounds like mr average to me. dull, ordinary; wife and two children, nice house, nice garden. i expect he even has a dear old mother.''i can tell you about that lady,' pascoe said. 'mrs penelope highsmith. lives in london.''highsmith? why not aldermann? did she marry again?''she's never been married. patrick chose to take his great-uncle's name. she's never told anyone who patrick's father was.'dalziel didn't seem to be listening. suddenly he burst out, 'penny highsmith! did she live here?''yes. patrick went to school here.''i know her! i remember her well. she was a grand girl, full of fun. it must be her!'the look in his eye told pascoe that he had happy memories of penny highsmith. a smile lit up his fat face.'i'll tell you what,' dalziel said. 'i've got to go to this bloody conference in london. i'll be away a couple of days. you can see what you can do with this business while i'm away. don't waste time on it, though. now go away. i've got things to do.'