daphne aldermann got up on saturday morning with a feeling that an important decision would be made that day.since talking with ellie pascoe, she had spent a lot of time thinking about her marriage. she had decided that it was time to be open and honest with patrick if they were to have a future together. she was waiting for him to come home from his two days in london. he had rung to say that he would be home mid-morning.as patrick came through the door, however, she realized immediately that this was not the right time for a serious discussion. he was smiling, looking happier and more relaxed than he had for a long time, and carrying a beautiful bunch of roses.they were golden roses, edged with pink, and they had a sweet, delicate perfume.'darling, they're beautiful. but i can't imagine you buying roses!' daphne said. 'what are they?''look at the label.'the name on the label was 'daphne aldermann'. daphne stared at it, puzzled.'don't you remember?' patrick said. 'years ago, i said one day i'd create a lovely new rose, and i'd give it your name. it's taken me six years, but now here it is!' he was laughing with excitement and happiness.'it's wonderful!' daphne said. 'patrick, i'm so...''that's not all,' he went on. 'this rose is going to be grown commercially. it will be on sale everywhere. and i've written a book all about it, which will be sold at the same time. it's what i've always wanted.''and you kept all this a secret. it's quite a shock to find out about it now,' daphne said slowly.'i didn't want to say anything until i knew it would all be a success.'everything was clear now, daphne thought. his strange, secretive behaviour, the way he seemed so sure of the future. she hadn't understood what was happening. she'd gone to dick elgood. he'd gone to the police. it was all her fault, all of it.'there's money in this rose and in the book,' patrick said. 'it means i can tell dick elgood i don't want to be on his board of directors. oh, i know he doesn't want me, anyway. i'll stay in my present job and have more time for my roses and my book.''oh patrick, i'm so glad!' daphne said. she wondered how she could have been so foolish. this would be a fresh start for them both.they were in the middle of a long and passionate kiss when the door bell rang. in alarm, daphne remembered that the police were calling to discuss the possible burglary. she hurriedly explained all this to patrick, and then went to open the door.when peter pascoe and sergeant wield came into the room, pascoe was surprised by the warm and friendly atmosphere. it was the first time he had seen daphne. he found her beautiful, and, as ellie had said, very attractive. both she and patrick seemed so relaxed and happy, he guessed that something unusual had just happened.'we've checked with the water company,' pascoe told them. 'they haven't sent anyone to your house, so i'm afraid we are expecting an attempted break-in. i need to look at your security arrangements and check every room in the house.'daphne took him around the house, while patrick talked to sergeant wield in the living-room. when they were upstairs, daphne told pascoe everything, about patrick's success with the new rose, her mistaken ideas about him, and her affair with elgood.'but now everything will be all right,' she finished. 'patrick is going to tell dick elgood he isn't interested in his board of directors.''i see,' pascoe said. 'well, it never seemed much of a motive for murder. and mr aldermann has never seemed a particularly ambitious man.''or the type to murder people, i hope!' daphne said.pascoe smiled. he did not want to tell her that the most charming people are sometimes killers.'i'm pleased for you,' he said. 'ellie will be pleased, too.'his pleasure at aldermann's success was real. his investigations had shown him that the man had bad financial problems. now they would be over. he liked daphne, and was happy to think that ellie had chosen her as a friend.as he and wield moved towards the front door, the phone rang and daphne went to answer it. 'it's for you, darling,' she called to patrick. 'it's dick elgood.' patrick went over to the phone.at the front door, daphne gave pascoe her hand.'i hope we'll see more of you and ellie,' she said.'i'd like that,' pascoe replied.back at the police station, dalziel was also in a good mood. first, he had congratulated shaheed singh on his good work with mick feaver. second, he had had a most interesting talk with penny highsmith's lawyer, edgar masson. after hearing pascoe's report on masson, dalziel had asked the old lawyer to come and see him. they had known each other for a long time, and dalziel had decided to try the 'old friends' approach on him.'you must have suspected that mrs highsmith had destroyed florence aldermann's will,' he told masson. 'why did you do nothing about it?' he refilled masson's whisky glass.'because that way justice would be done,' the old lawyer said. 'i see that i must explain something to you, mr dalziel, but it must not go beyond these four walls. i was absolutely certain that, when eddie aldermann died three years previously, florence had deliberately destroyed his will.''why would she do that? surely he had left her most of his money? i mean, she was his wife.''he was the kindest and fairest of men. of course he left most of his property to his wife. but he also left a large amount to penelope highsmith, for her son patrick to have when he was older. do you understand what i'm trying to tell you, mr dalziel?''say it. straight out with it.''eddie aldermann was patrick's father.'