andrew dalziel was bored. he didn't much like conferences. it was all right meeting old friends and having a few drinks with them, but apart from that he hadn't found much to interest him.on his second afternoon in london he took a street map and set out to find penelope highsmith's flat. he found the house, and wandered around for a while, keeping an eye on the front door. he was lucky. he was just passing the building for the third time when a taxi stopped just outside and a woman got out. he recognized her at once. tall and well-dressed, with thick black curly hair, she looked much younger than he had expected. he stopped, as if in sudden surprise.'penny?' he called. 'is it really you, penny highsmith?''yes,' the woman said. 'who the hell are you?''andy dalziel,' he said. 'do you remember me?''of course. weren't you in the police? you've put on weight.''just a bit,' dalziel said, smiling. 'i'm down here for a conference.''still a policeman?''yes.''still married?''no.'he waited.'coming in for a cup of tea, then?' she said.once inside her comfortable flat, he relaxed in a deep armchair and watched her as she moved around, making the tea.she was much as he'd known her years before; warm, independent, cheerful - and very attractive. it's not fair, he thought. i've got old and fat, and she hasn't.'why did you leave yorkshire?' he asked.'i always intended to come back to london,' she told him. 'i only went to yorkshire to look after aunt florence for a short while. then she died, and i got the house and the money. by that time my son was at school. he loved yorkshire.''is he still there?''oh yes. still at rosemont. he married a nice girl. they've got two children. i go up and visit sometimes, just for a day or two. i prefer my little flat here to that great big house.''i'm surprised you didn't sell it.''i nearly did,' she said. 'patrick was just about to finish school and start work. it would have been a good time to make a move.''what happened to stop you?''the buyer died,' penny highsmith said.