daphne aldermann was amused to find that ellie and rose visited the chantry coffee house as often as the market care.'the coffee's better here,' ellie said.'but i'm sure you disapprove of the people, don't you?' daphne said, looking round at all the middle-aged, middle-class ladies.'i'm not sure i like crowds of any kind of people,' ellie said. 'one at a time they're different.''when you're in the church, as my father was,' daphne said, 'you have to accept all kinds of people. and they usually bang on your door asking for help just at dinner time!''your poor father,' ellie said. 'or do you feel sorry for your mother, who had cooked the dinner, and then had to see it go cold?'daphne smiled. 'i suppose you want to suggest my mother had a miserable life in a male-centred family. in fact, i did the cooking. mummy died when i was just a child.''well,' ellie said, 'people shouldn't have to ask the church for help. the state should provide for their needs.'daphne laughed. 'come on! you don't know a lot about human nature, do you? everyone knew daddy was a kind man, and he had plenty of money. mummy came from a rich family, you see.'she looked sad, so ellie said cheerfully, 'at least that meant he could afford some help in the house after you got married.''no.' daphne looked close to tears. 'he was dead by that time. it was awful. he had to go to little leven to inspect the church, because the tower needed repairing. a stone fell on him and killed him.''i'm so sorry,' ellie said gently. 'what a terrible thing to happen.'she wondered whether to put an arm around daphne, but was uncertain what to do. fortunately, at that moment rose plunged her hand into a chocolate cake, and daphne's sad story was forgotten in the confusion. they talked for another hour before arranging to meet again the following week.ellie and peter pascoe had a late dinner that night. he had been delayed by another burglary at a local country house, while she had a crying baby to keep her busy.over dinner she told him about rose's adventure with the chocolate cake, and went on to talk about daphne.'she was only seventeen when she met patrick. he was an accountant in harrogate, and did some work for her father's church. when they decided to get married, her father wasn't happy about it. thought she was too young. then he died. i think she still feels guilty for upsetting him just before his death.''how did he die?''the church killed him,' ellie said mysteriously.'overwork?''no. a stone from little leven church tower fell on him.'pascoe whistled. 'people seem to drop dead right and left around patrick aldermann, don't they?' he said. 'interesting information! you're doing well!''now look!' ellie said. 'daphne's my friend. i was just having a nice gossip, not acting as a police informer. i thought you told me all the business about patrick murdering people was just nonsense.''i think it is,' pascoe said. 'but do you mean you wouldn't tell me if you knew something that suggested he was a murderer?'a sudden cry from rose put an end to their discussion of this interesting but puzzling question.