'you must tell us their names,' wield said.shaheed singh felt trapped, ashamed of being disloyal to his old friends, yet desperate to succeed in his job.'why?' he asked. 'i thought you were just interested in that mrs aldermann.''let us decide who or what we're interested in,' wield thundered. 'your job is to obey orders!'why does he hate me so much? singh thought miserably.in fact, wield felt sorry for the boy. but pascoe had spoken to dalziel on the telephone, and dalziel had decided the boy must be questioned.'you've got to tell us,' wield said more gently. 'maybe it won't be so serious for them, not if they can help us.'singh looked a little happier.'i only know two of them,' he said. 'they were in my class at school. mick feaver and jonty marsh.''feaver and marsh,' pascoe said. 'do we know anything about them already?''feaver's got no record,' wield said. 'marsh has been in trouble once or twice. you'll know his brother arthur. got a record as long as your arm. stealing from houses, mainly.''ok,' pascoe said. 'i'll speak to marsh first. bring him in.'wield watched quietly, admiring pascoe's skill as he led the boy through his memories of what he had seen in the car park. marsh remembered the bmw clearly, and its colour - dark blue.'you're a good witness,' pascoe said. 'now, are you sure that the car the woman got out of was the car that got scratched?''oh, yeah,' marsh said. 'dead certain.'pascoe said nothing, but let the boy realize for himself that his guilt was now clear.next, he talked to mick feaver. mick remembered more details about the bmw. he also admitted that he had scratched daphne's car.finally, pascoe saw the two boys together.'you have admitted damaging four cars,' he told them. 'this is serious, and we shall keep a record of it. however, you are both known to be of good character. one of my own officers tells me so. at the moment we shall go no further with this case. please understand that you are very lucky, and keep out of trouble in future. is that clear?''yes, sir.' the boys were eager to escape.when they had gone, pascoe told wield, 'you know, there's something very interesting about this dark blue bmw.''what's that, sir?''i know who it belongs to. i had to look at it recently because a garage door had fallen on it.''you mean it's elgood's?''yes. i've checked the description. it's definitely his.''which means...''which means - knowing dick elgood's reputation with women - we can be sure of one thing. the day before he came to tell us patrick aldermann was trying to murder him, he'd been off at his holiday cottage, making love to aldermann's wife!'