peter pascoe also found he couldn't stop thinking about the aldermann case. it was nonsense, he was sure, but it fascinated him. elgood must be suffering from overwork, and his imagination was working overtime. pascoe knew all about stress, and the peculiar things it did to the mind. he had no time to spare for this nonsense, he told himself, as he picked up the phone and asked for detective inspector skelwith of harrogate police. he asked him to find out if they had any information about patrick aldermann, who used to work as an accountant in harrogate.'i'll try,' skelwith promised. 'i wanted to talk to you, anyway. it looks as if the burglars you've had in your area have been at work over here.''does it?' pascoe said. 'why don't i come over and see you this afternoon?'he spent an hour at the burgled house with skelwith, comparing the methods used with his own burglaries, and later, over tea at the office, came the reward pascoe had hoped for.'aldermann worked for bailey and capstick,' skelwith told him. 'he lost his job, it seems, and he was lucky it ended there. my advice, if you want the whole story, is to go and see old capstick. he's retired, now. his address is church house, little leven.'herbert capstick seemed pleased to meet pascoe. the old man lay in a wheelchair, looking out of the window at his pretty garden, beyond which pascoe could see a church. this must be the church where daphne's father had been killed.tea was served by a housekeeper, and pascoe explained carefully that his enquiries were not really official; he only wanted to satisfy his own curiosity.'any information you give me,' he said to the old man, 'will of course remain confidential.'herbert capstick looked at him thoughtfully for a moment, and then smiled. 'very well, mr pascoe. i will tell you about patrick. he came here as a young, newly qualified accountant. he was quiet, not particularly good at his job, but pleasant enough. i knew his great-uncle edward very well. he was a very successful accountant. he made enough money to buy that old house, rosemont, and rebuild that wonderful garden. patrick loved eddie, loved to talk about him, although he had only met him a few times. you know he changed his name from highsmith to aldermann? he had eddie's love of roses, too.'the old man pointed out into the garden.'look at those roses. eddie planted some for me, more than thirty years ago. i've got just one of those left now. patrick replaced the rest for me when they got too old. roses grow old, mr pascoe, just like people. patrick said the old must give way to the new, but the new must deserve their place. look at them. aren't they beautiful?'they were, pascoe could see, lovely roses, but he was eager for capstick to get on with his story.'why did patrick leave bailey and capstick?' he asked.the old man looked sad.'he was dishonest. quite unexpected. a terrible shock to me. you see, there was an old lady, mrs mcneil. she had a lot of money, and she wanted patrick to manage it for her. he's very charming, you see, and she trusted him. she thought he was wonderful. then one day he was not in the office when she called. there was a lot of flu around at the time, and he had caught it. mrs mcneil wanted something, and i had to look at the books. then i discovered what he had been doing. for three or four years, mr pascoe, he had been carefully and steadily stealing her money.'he paused, and shook his old head sorrowfully. 'i had to tell him what i had found. he didn't deny it, just listened to me quietly.''didn't you go to the police?''first i had to tell mrs mcneil,' capstick said. 'with her lawyer present, of course. bur i had no opportunity. patrick was soon well again, but mrs mcneil had also got the flu. she was an old lady, and it was enough to kill her. so she died, you see, before i could tell her.'pascoe kept his face expressionless. 'but what about her will, and the relations who would have inherited?''she had left her money to patrick aldermann,' capstick said. 'the only person he had cheated was himself. in the end, i decided, there was no point in going to the police. i told him to leave, and i said i intended never to see him again. i miss him sometimes,' he added sadly. 'i should like to talk about roses with him again.'as pascoe got up to leave, he said, 'that must be the church where the reverend somerton was killed. daphne aldermann's father.''yes,' capstick said. 'oliver somerton was a good man. a little too serious in his ways, but a very good man.''you knew him? of course, your company took care of his church accounts.''yes,' capstick said, 'but not just the church accounts. we looked after his own money, too. he was quite a rich man, as i expect you know.'as pascoe drove away, he could not help imagining the scene. patrick aldermann meeting the pretty young daughter, and then later finding some excuse to look at the account books to see how much money her father had.back at the station, he was surprised to find sergeant wield waiting for him with shaheed singh.'police cadet singh has something interesting to tell you, sir,' wield said.