peter pascoe was with dancing baby rose on his knee. 'silly old dalziel, silly old dalziel,' he sang to her over and over again.'what's the fat creature done to you now?' ellie asked, as she came into the room.'fat creature! what a way to talk about your daughter,' pascoe said.'very funny. what has dalziel done?''oh, nothing much. he just goes on about this elgood and aldermann thing. but i don't know what he wants me to do. wield went to see them last night...''the aldermanns?''yes. he pretended it was all about your friend daphne's car.''what did he find out?''nothing.'pascoe did not plan to discuss with his wife all the poisons that patrick aldermann kept in his greenhouse. there was no proof that he had used them on anything but insects. there was no proof that elgood's experiences with the desk lamp and the garage door were anything but accidents.'i'll have to tell elgood he's imagining things,' pascoe said. 'he's been lying in the sun too long at his holiday cottage.''all the same,' ellie said, 'elgood ceramics doesn't seem a very healthy place to work. all those sudden deaths. this child is wet, by the way.''only two deaths we know about. it's your turn to change rose. i'm waiting for a phone call from the office.''don't let andy dalziel work you so hard!''he's a good policeman,' pascoe said seriously. 'he knows what he's doing, or i hope he does! anyway, he's going to a conference in london, and i expect this stupid business about aldermann will be over by the time he gets back.''well,' said ellie, 'if it does continue, i hope you'll tell me. it makes it rather awkward for me if my husband is investigating my new friend's husband.'she picked rose up and took her upstairs. as she went out of the room, the telephone rang. pascoe picked it up, spoke a few words, and then listened carefully.'i asked them to check for me,' he told ellie when she came back downstairs. 'there has been one more death at elgood ceramics. a man called burke fell off a ladder outside his home. accidental death, the report said. no suspicious circumstances. he was assistant to eagles, the chief accountant.''and aldermann got that job?'yes. it doesn't mean anything, of course, but i'll ask elgood about it. by the way, when are you seeing daphne aldermann again?''we're having coffee tomorrow. why?''nothing. what's she like?''pleasant. lively. very traditional middle-class attitudes, of course, but she's not stupid.''attractive?''oh, yes. attractive all right. rather sexy, really.'