pascoe had quite a list of people to talk to. he wanted to see masson, visit capstick again, see chris burke's widow and talk to elgood. and all for what? it could just be a waste of time.first on the list was masson, the aldermanns' family lawyer.the old man had reached the age when he was only too happy to talk to any visitor. all pascoe had to do was listen, and every now and then guide the conversation back to the points he was interested in.he learned that at the time of florence aldermann's death she had planned to change her will, and leave more money to her niece, penelope highsmith. her original will left nearly everything to an animal charity and a church society, and only a very small amount of money to her niece. then she had asked penny to live at rosemont and help look after the house, and, because of this, intended to increase her share of the money to forty per cent. however, she died before the new will could be made, and the old will was never found. masson believed mrs aldermann had destroyed it herself, expecting to make a new one in a few days' time.after florence aldermann's death, masson had continued to act as lawyer for penny. pascoe asked him about the time when penny had tried to sell rosemont. a buyer had been found, but he had died before the sale could be completed.'what did he die of?' pascoe asked, hoping for a car accident in another country.masson's answer was worse than he would have believed possible.'poison,' said the old lawyer, enjoying the effect his answer caused.it seemed that the man, who had been staying at a hotel, had eaten poisoned fruit. perhaps he had picked an apple from a tree which had been treated with pesticide; perhaps it was the hotel's fault. nobody knew. on the day he died he had been out in the country, but had stopped at rosemont to discuss something about the sale with penny highsmith.after that, penny stopped trying to sell the house and moved to london. she divided the inheritance into two parts, kept the money, and gave rosemont to patrick, who was then a young man in his first job. everyone expected him to sell the house, but instead he changed his name to aldermann, and had been living at rosemont ever since.here was plenty to think about, and pascoe also had the feeling that, despite the old lawyer's willingness to talk, he had in fact said much less than he could have done. however, there were more calls to make. second on his list was another visit to little leven, to talk to mr capstick.capstick was not at home, but his housekeeper was. pascoe decided to ask her some questions instead.'can i ask you about the day the reverend somerton was killed? i know it was more than ten years ago, but perhaps you remember it.''yes,' she said. 'i was here.''mr capstick was not at home that day, i understand.''no.''was anyone else here?''yes. the young man who used to look after the roses.'pascoe's heart raced with excitement.'the roses? that was mr...?''aldermann, his name was. he took wonderful care of the roses. all i had to do was let him into the garden and leave him there.''do you remember what time he left?''about four, i think.'the reverend somerton's body had been discovered at four forty-five.'could i look at the garden?' pascoe asked.among the flowers and overgrown bushes he found the little path, and the gate which opened into the church-yard. he stood silently among the graves. death, he though, was not the end of everything. the old must always give way to the new. men died, and their bodies returned to the earth they came from, but new lives began, and year after year, century after century, the village lived on.he knew all he needed to about little leven. it was time for his third visit.he found mrs mandy burke lying in a chair in her garden, enjoying the sun and a cool drink. she was wearing a bikini which left little to the imagination. although well into her forties, she was still a good-looking woman, and one who clearly enjoyed life.'come and sit down,' she said, 'and let me pour you a drink.''thank you, mrs burke,' said pascoe. the iced fruit juice looked just what he needed on this hot afternoon, and he took a long swallow of it. it hit his throat like fire, making him spill some of it on his shirt as he coughed and gasped for breath. the 'juice' seemed to be at least half vodka.'i'm so sorry,' mandy burke said. 'i should have warned you. is it true you're not allowed to drink on duty? how very naughty of me to forget.''never mind,' said pascoe firmly, putting his glass down. 'now i'm afraid i must ask you some questions about your husband's death, mrs burke.''mandy,' she said. 'do call me mandy. why do you want to ask me about poor old chris after all this time? don't think i'm hard-hearted, inspector - or may i call you peter? - but i've put all that behind me now. life must go on, you know!'she smiled at him over her glass, 'we're just making some routine enquiries,' pascoe said, it won't take long. would you mind telling me exactly what happened?''he climbed up a ladder,' she told him. 'we had some men here, doing some repairs to the house, but they weren't here that afternoon. i think chris went up the ladder to check how much they'd done, his foot slipped and he tell. i was out at the time, and when i got home i found him just lying there, dead. he died instantly, peter. at least that was some comfort to me.'she wiped her eyes, and took a long drink.'isn't it hot?' she said. 'do take your jacket off.''no. i must be going soon,' pascoe said. 'your husband was assistant to the chief accountant at elgood ceramics, wasn't he? tell me, did you get to know any of his colleagues at all well?''well,' she said, 'we used to have dinner with tim eagles and his wife from time to time, and mr elgood was quite friendly. he was chris's boss, of course. chris didn't like patrick aldermann, the one who got his job. there'd been stories about him leaving a company after some sort of trouble. chris never gossiped, but he didn't like what he heard about mr aldermann. he was a very straight man, was chris, very honest.' she looked into her empty glass. 'oh look, the drink's all gone. i'll just go into the kitchen and mix up some more.'she stood up, nearly fell, and put one hand on pascoe's shoulder to save herself.alarmed by this, he pulled back, and almost fell out of his chair.'careful!' she said. 'you haven't torn your trousers, have you? if you have, don't worry. i'm wonderful with a needle. i can sew them up so neatly, your wife will never notice they've been torn.''no, no, i'm fine,' pascoe said. 'i really must be going now. many thanks for all your help, mrs burke.'he was glad to escape, but he had an uneasy feeling that, drunk and foolish as she was, mandy burke had told him only those things that she wanted him to know.