patrick aldermann's office still had the name of timothy eagles on the door. that didn't upset him. as his colleagues knew, it was difficult to upset patrick.elgood remembered the party they had had at the office the previous christmas. he had noticed aldermann talking to the financial director, brian bulmer, and he had also seen that bulmer was drinking heavily. dick elgood, however, had his mind on other things. he was leaving the party early, to meet a lady. hours later, the news reached him. bulmer's car had crashed, minutes after the end of the party, and he was dead.dick elgood had spent that christmas alone at his holiday cottage by the sea. he thought a lot about bulmer's death and about who should replace him on the board of directors. the best man would be the chief accountant, timothy eagles, who was good at his job and loyal to the company. some of the directors, who were led by a man called eric quayle, wanted patrick aldermann, but elgood would not listen to them.then eagles had died, suffering a fatal heart attack as he sat at his desk. it soon became clear that quayle and his group wanted to make a serious attack on elgood's chairmanship. they supported aldermann, not because he would make a good director, but because they knew elgood didn't want him on the board. during that year, elgood found himself fighting a battle, a battle for his survival as chairman of the board.aldermann himself appeared not to care whether he became a member of the board or not. 'honestly, dick,' he had told elgood last friday, 'it doesn't bother me at all.'this made elgood so angry that he ended up shouting at aldermann, 'if you ever get a place on the board, it'll be over my dead body!' patrick had continued to smile politely.yesterday elgood had gone to the police with his story, but since then he had calmed down and regained his self-control. he knew that for him the most important thing in the world was to hold on to the power he had as chairman of the board of directors.he called his secretary into the room. 'i want you to check something for me,' he told her. 'find out exactly when mr aldermann is taking his holiday this summer.' then he rang a london number, and asked for mr raymond easey.in his office on the floor below, patrick aldermann was opening his private letters, one of which contained a thick bundle of papers. he, too, phoned someone in london, and then called his secretary in.'i'll be away next thursday and friday,' he told her. he smiled in a way which made her think how young and handsome he still was. 'i think you can all manage without me for a couple of days,' he said.when aldermann got home that evening, he found daphne's car back in the garage. it had been repaired, and he examined the new paint before he went into the house.diana ran to meet him. 'mummy's outside,' she told him.he lifted her onto his shoulders, and together they went to find daphne, who was relaxing in the garden. it had rained earlier, but now it was a perfect june evening.'i see your car's back,' he said. 'look! the rain's knocked some petals off the roses.''leave them,' daphne said. 'i'll get us a drink. sit down and have a rest after your hard day at the office.'she went into the house. in the distance, patrick heard the front doorbell ring. a couple of minutes later daphne came back, bringing the drinks, but also bringing two men with her. the older man was white, the younger asian, but what made patrick stare at them was the ugliness of the one and the beauty of the other.'i'm detective sergeant wield,' the ugly man said, 'and this is police cadet singh.''how can i help you?' patrick asked politely.'actually, darling, they want to see me,' daphne said. 'it's about the car. we can talk in the house so that we don't disturb you.''you won't disturb me,' patrick said. 'i'd be interested to hear what the police are doing, and to help if possible.''very kind, sir,' wield said. he wanted to have a good look at patrick aldermann, and to include him in the conversation if he could.wield turned to daphne. 'now, ma'am. on monday this week you parked your car in the station street multi-storey car park. what time did you leave it?''nine fifteen, i think. i took my daughter to school, and then drove into town to do some shopping.''and you didn't come back until after three o'clock. did you spend the whole day shopping?''i'm afraid so,' daphne laughed. 'when i got back, someone else had already found his car damaged, and the police were there.''and when you left your car, were there any others there?''i can't remember,' daphne said. 'i might have been the first. does it matter?'no, wield thought, it didn't matter. this plan of getting a good look at aldermann was not going too well.'not many more questions,' he said. 'do you know anyone who might want to harm you in some way?''by damaging my car?' daphne said, surprised. 'but it wasn't just my car. others were damaged, too.''i know. but the scratchings on your car might have been words. words which suggest they knew it was a woman's car.''i'd left my hat in the car,' daphne said. 'anyone could see that.''what words were scratched on the car, sergeant?' patrick asked.'hard to say, sir,' wield said uncomfortably. dalziel would say those words, he thought. he'd enjoy embarrassing these people!'why would this person damage other cars, if these words were aimed only at my wife?''we have to try everything, sir,' wield told him. 'for example, what about you? do you have any enemies who might want to do you some harm? anyone you know through your work?'patrick shook his head. 'i work for elgood ceramics. i can think of nobody there who dislikes me enough to do this.'he was getting nowhere, wield thought desperately. he would have to tell pascoe this visit was a waste of time.suddenly diana, who had been looking shyly at police cadet singh through her fingers, said, 'mummy, can i show him my flowers?''oh, i don't think...' daphne began, but singh jumped to his feet with a smile and said, 'of course, i'd love to see them. come and show me.''i hope you don't mind, sir,' wield said to patrick. 'he's a good lad. and your garden is a real treat to the eyes. especially the roses.'patrick's smile was as happy as singh's. 'it's a good year for them,' he said. 'do you grow roses, sergeant?''i'm afraid not,' wield said. 'i've only got a very small garden.''there are roses for every garden.' patrick's voice had changed, and was full of enthusiasm. 'even the smallest garden has room for a few roses, if you choose the right varieties. and think of the excitement of planting a new variety, and watching the first roses open!''i see plenty of excitement in my job,' wield laughed.'do you?' patrick asked seriously. 'i find life holds surprisingly few surprises - outside my garden, i mean.''i really must see to the dinner,' daphne said. 'and it's time diana came in.' she spoke politely, but clearly she was eager for wield and singh to leave.patrick ignored this. 'diana's perfectly happy,' he said. 'just listen to her. and i must show the sergeant one or two roses i'd like to recommend to him.'he led wield to a large greenhouse, where he picked up a bag and took a knife from a high shelf. the greenhouse was full of tools and there was a large wall-cupboard with a heavy lock on the door.'good to see you've got strong locks, sir,' wield said approvingly.'i have to be careful, sergeant, with children about,' patrick replied. 'i keep enough pesticide in that cupboard to poison an army.'as they walked among the roses, he used the knife to cut off dying flowers, which he dropped into the bag.'surely you have help with the garden?' wield said. 'you can't look after all this by yourself.''i have help,' patrick told him, 'but i do as much as possible myself. this garden is the centre of my life. i dream of having more time to give to it. i think we are all damaged, don't you, by limits on the development of our true nature - limits forced on us by the hard necessities of life.'wield felt that the man was speaking directly to him, as if patrick aldermann could know his own unhappy story. ugly as he was, wield had loved, and had been loved. he was alone now, and he could not bear to think of his loneliness.'that's a fine knife,' he said, wanting to change the way the conversation was going.patrick smiled. 'it belonged to my great-uncle. he created this garden. he loved it very much. cutting off the dying flowers is a sad but necessary job for a gardener. a true lover of plants like my great-uncle always wants to do it quickly and kindly. he needs the sharpest knife possible.'the sun flashed on the point of the knife.'now, let me show you these.'his enthusiasm for his roses had something almost religious about it. wield found he envied the man, not for his house, his garden or his family, but just because he knew so well what he wanted from life, and was able to enjoy it. he felt sad when daphne called patrick to dinner, and it was time for them to go.'i hope it was all right for me to play with the little girl,' singh said to him as they walked to the car. 'i thought it would give you more time to speak to her mum.'wield stared at him for a moment, forgetting that singh knew nothing about the real reason for their visit.'that mrs aldermann,' the boy went on, 'she was in the market cat this morning, and guess who she was with? mr pascoe's wife!'wield stared at him again, coldly this time. 'you were supposed to be on traffic duty, not hanging around the market cafe,' he said roughly. they drove back to the police station in silence