pascoe wasn't sure what to think when shaheed singh came to him with his story about mick feaver and the planned burglary at rosemont.dalziel, however, was full of enthusiasm when pascoe told him about it over the phone.'it's just the excuse you need to get back to rosemont and have a good nose around,' he said. 'tell them you need to check all the locks and windows. you never know what you might find out.'pascoe told him about his visits to masson, capstick, and mandy burke.dalziel asked several questions, then said, 'does masson think penny destroyed her aunt flo's will?''i did wonder...' pascoe said cautiously.'i'm seeing her again on friday night. i'll see what i can find out. and talking of wills, this burke woman looked comfortable, did she?''very,' said pascoe. 'i think she's ok financially, too.''don't be dirty, lad. you have a look into mandy burke's finances - see if there's anything that smells interesting.''i don't think he's been at that conference much,' pascoe remarked to wield. 'he seems to be much more interested in mrs highsmith at the moment.'pascoe's next job was to see dick elgood. it was immediately clear that elgood was not pleased to see him.'i told you to drop the case,' he said, 'but i hear you're still carrying on with your investigation.''i've got a job to do,' pascoe said. 'once we've started investigating a crime, we can't just stop suddenly.''even if you have to ask your wife to spy on people?' said elgood unpleasantly.'you'd better explain that remark,' pascoe said quietly.'was it just by chance that your wife first spoke to mrs aldermann the day after i came to see you?''i wonder how you know so much about mrs aldermann,' pascoe said. 'let me tell you what we know about her. we know that the day before you came to see me you spent the day with mrs aldermann at your holiday cottage.''i won't deny that. my private life is my own business.''you made it mine when you came to tell me her husband was trying to kill you,' pascoe said.'you mean aldermann might be jealous? rubbish! his roses are all he cares about. if i tried to take those away from him, he might get jealous!''isn't that what you're trying to do by keeping him off your board of directors?''maybe.' elgood was suddenly serious. 'i'm doing what's best for the company. it will all be arranged at the board meeting next week, when aldermann is out of the way, visiting that fancy school he sends his boy to.''you'll wait until he's out of the way, yet you say you're not afraid of him?''no. i want you to forget all that. how many times do i have to tell you?'pascoe was about to leave, when the phone rang.'it's for you,' elgood said. 'make it short. some of us have got work to do.'it was sergeant wield with some urgent information for pascoe. wield had been looking into mandy burke's finances. she ran her own small business, which was doing well. this was hardly surprising, as she had received a lot of help and advice from a well-known local businessman.pascoe put down the phone and turned to elgood. 'i'm afraid i have one more question to ask you, mr elgood,' he said. 'what exactly is or was your relationship with mrs mandy burke?'to his surprise, elgood gave in immediately.'i may as well tell you,' he said, suddenly looking tired and old. 'you obviously know all about it. i've done nothing that's against the law. i'll tell you the truth. i was having an affair with mandy burke. she used to go to the cottage with me.'he went on, 'we met in town by accident that day. we had lunch together, and then she suggested we went to her house. i thought it was too risky, but there was no stopping her! when i saw the workmen's ladder, i wanted to go immediately, but she said they'd finished for the day, and wouldn't be coming back.'well, to cut a long story short, we were in the bedroom when we heard a noise. before i could stop her, mandy ran to the window. she's like that, never thinks before she acts. she pulled back the curtains, and there was poor old chris at the top of the ladder, like a monkey on a stick! i'll never forget his face. mandy gave a great scream, and he fell. we rushed out, but he was lying there, stone dead. we were shocked, pascoe, believe me. neither of us wanted to see poor old chris burke dead, but we had to protect ourselves. didn't want the story all over the sunday papers.''so you lied to the police.''he fell off a ladder. that was true.''i'll have to report this.''i won't repeat what i've just told you,' elgood said. 'i'll deny everything. mandy won't tell you anything, either. and, for god's sake, drop this aldermann business, will you?'while peter pascoe was talking to dick elgood, ellie was sitting in the chantry coffee house with rose, waiting for daphne aldermann. daphne was late.ellie had decided to leave, when suddenly daphne appeared at the door, rather pink in the face, as though she had been hurrying.'i'm sorry i'm late,' she said. 'i forgot my purse, and had to go back home. when i got there, i found a man in the garden, who said he was from the water company. he said he'd come to deal with a problem with the pipes to our house. i don't know what he was talking about. i don't think there is a problem. anyway, i got rid of him, and -''daphne,' ellie interrupted, 'i shouldn't really tell you this, but peter told me last night that there have been a lot of break-ins at big houses recently. he's been informed that rosemont is on the thieves' list. it may not be true. he's going to come and see you about it.'daphne looked so alarmed that ellie was almost sorry she had spoken.then daphne said, 'i suppose you were discussing me and what i told you yesterday.''no. honestly, i haven't told peter anything,' ellie said. 'he told me he was going to see mr elgood today, but i don't know why. please believe me. we haven't been discussing you.''i believe you,' daphne said. 'i must say i find it hard to imagine you as a police spy. look, i've decided i want to tell you all about dick and me, and about patrick too.''are you sure?''yes. not here, though. let's go for a walk, if you don't mind.'they left the chantry coffee house and walked around a quiet park in the sunshine as daphne talked.'i was worried about patrick. it's difficult to explain why. he seems so sure all the time that he will get everything he wants. i don't know if he is hiding anything from me or not. do you know why i started meeting dick? because i wanted to talk about patrick, to find out how things were at work. then, one lunch-time, dick told me he didn't want patrick on his board of directors.'then i began to worry about our financial position - the costs of our house and gardens are huge. i'd always left all that to patrick. i knew i had some money from daddy, and patrick had some from his aunt, and from an old lady whose money he used to manage when he worked in harrogate. we should have been able to manage all right, but suddenly i felt i had to know the details. so i challenged patrick.'imagine how i felt, when he told me calmly that the money had all gone. we were in real financial difficulties, even though he had a good salary as chief accountant. yet he told me everything would be all right. i screamed at him that he could forget his dream of being on the board of elgoods. he said it didn't matter. i said we would have to sell rosemont. he told me that would never be necessary. i was afraid of him then. he seemed crazy.'i rang dick. i wanted to talk to him about patrick. dick asked me to go to the cottage with him. of course i knew he took his women there, but i agreed. he listened to me. he was kind to me, charming in a rather old-fashioned way. later, i realized i had frightened him. he thought i was warning him that patrick got rid of people who were in his way, so he ran off to tell the police.''yes,' ellie said. 'he saw peter.''surely peter doesn't think patrick has done anything wrong? the way you describe peter, he sounds such a sensible man.'ellie did not answer daphne's question.'you'll have a chance to meet peter soon,' she said. 'he wants to see you and patrick before you both go away next week.''fine,' daphne said. 'he can come and see us on saturday.'the two women left the park in a state of friendship which they both knew might turn out to be the calm before the storm.