dalziel laughed loudly when pascoe told him over the phone about elgood and daphne aldermann.'it doesn't surprise me,' he said. 'it's just like dick. typical. gives aldermann a motive, though. and it explains why dick seems so sure aldermann's trying to kill him.''it surprised me,' pascoe said. 'ellie's got to know daphne aldermann quite well, and she doesn't seem the type.''ask your ellie what she can find out about the aldermann woman,' dalziel said.'i don't think she'd like it if i asked her to spy on her friend, sir!''why ever not?' dalziel asked, sounding surprised. 'here's some more information for you,' he went on. 'another death close to aldermann. someone who wanted to buy rosemont from penny highsmith about the time patrick left school. edgar masson's the aldermanns' family lawyer. he could tell you the details.''anything else?''yes. ask him about florence aldermann's will. i'm so bloody bored with this conference, i've been out on the case instead. it seems aunt flo died without making a will. another thing. daphne's father had plenty of money to leave, but he didn't leave it all to her. if aldermann expected to get rich that way, he was disappointed!'i'd best be going now,' he went on. 'somebody's giving a talk on the part policewomen can play in community relations.''and you don't want to miss it, sir?' said pascoe, surprised.'don't be daft, lad. it'll be finishing soon, and the fool who's giving it has left his office open. i'm using his phone. he's locked his whisky away, though. awful what suspicious minds some people have.''why is andy so interested in this case?' pascoe said later to wield. 'before he went to london, he told us not to waste time on it. now he's full of it. why?''because he's met mrs highsmith?' wield suggested. 'is he going to see her again soon?''i think he is,' pascoe replied. 'come on. let's take a good look at what we already know.'wield listened, as pascoe started to go through the list of events.'i960. mrs florence aldermann died of a heart attack. there are no suspicious circumstances, unless we count the fact that there was no will, so penny highsmith inherited everything. a few years later, penny tried to sell rosemont, but the buyer died. i'm seeing her lawyer, masson, later today to talk about that.'now we jump forwards to 1971. the reverend oliver somerton. daphne aldermann's father. he died in an accident at little leven church. there were no witnesses, which is always suspicious, but we know nothing else.'on to 1976. mrs catherine mcneil. she died of flu, but we shouldn't be surprised by that. she was an old lady.''she's the one aldermann had been robbing, isn't she?' wield said. 'the one who left him her money?''that's her. it seems that aldermann himself had flu, and while he was away from the office his boss found out about his little games with her money.''so aldermann murdered her by sneezing over her and giving her flu,' wield said. 'the sneeze as murder weapon. i must say it's an original sort of crime.'let's leave the jokes to mr dalziel, shall we, sergeant?' said pascoe, and the two men laughed.'1979,' pascoe went on. 'christopher burke died, the first of three of elgood's employees to meet a sudden death.''fell off a ladder, didn't he?' wield said.'yes. some workmen were doing some repairs to his house. it seems he came home in the middle of the afternoon and ran up the ladder to see how the repairs were going. his foot slipped, and he fell and broke his neck.''where were the workmen? weren't there any witnesses?''no. it had been raining, so the workmen had gone off to do an indoor job somewhere else. burke's wife had gone out. when she came home, she found her husband lying there dead.''strange,' wield said.'what?''running up a ladder in the middle of the afternoon, after it had been raining. why wasn't he at his office? do we know whether he had been drinking?''no,' pascoe said, 'but if he was drunk, it might explain everything. we ought to look into it, sergeant.'now,' he went on, 'we come to the final two deaths. brian bulmer, elgood's financial director, crashed his car after the office party last christmas. he was definitely drunk, i'm afraid. no one else was involved, and there were no witnesses.timothy eagles, the chief accountant, had a heart attack, and died at his desk. he was found next morning, sitting there with his coat on. he must have been getting ready to go home, when he was taken ill.''aldermann was his assistant, wasn't he?' said wield. 'shared an office with him?''yes,' said pascoe. 'what are you suggesting, sergeant?'wield said, 'imagine this. it's evening. aldermann is about to leave the office. everyone else has gone home. he finds eagles at his desk, having his heart attack. he doesn't call for help. he just closes the door on him, goes home and leaves him to die.'pascoe let out a long whistle. 'very cold-blooded. you've met aldermann. do you think he could do a thing like that?''it's easier than murder,' wield said.pascoe sighed deeply. 'i don't know, sergeant. is this all what dalziel would call "a load of daft rubbish", or is there really something going on? i just don't know.'police cadet shaheed singh wondered what mick feaver wanted. when the boy had first come up to him, as he was going into the market cafe, he had expected anger. now, seeing the expression on mick's face and the cut on his lip, he felt sorry for him.'like a cup of tea?' singh said. he would be meeting wedderburn in the cafe in five minutes, so there was just time to hear what mick wanted first. the boy followed him silently through the door. mrs pascoe was there, singh noticed, but she was on her own this time.'look, shady,' mick said, as they sat down with their cups of tea, 'thanks for saying what you did yesterday.''saying what i did?''yeah. that pascoe, he said someone had put in a good word for us. i knew it must be you.''that's all right.''nothing's going to happen about scratching those cars, is it?''no.''we both admitted it,' mick feaver said. 'pascoe knows it was all of us. that jonty marsh, he wanted to say it was just me, to let me be the only one to get into trouble. you should hear what he calls you, too. he says you pretend to be friendly, then go straight back to the police station and tell them everything you've heard.''is that what he says?''that black pig, he calls you. that black pig.'singh looked down at his tea in silence. these had been his friends. what a distance there was between them now. suddenly he wished he were in his father's shop, among the familiar sounds and smells of home.'look what they did to me last night,' mick went on, touching his lip. 'they don't dare lay a finger on you, but they aren't afraid to have a go at me.'singh looked up. mrs pascoe was just going out of the door, he noticed, and wedderburn was outside, talking to someone in the market.'i've only got a moment,' he said. 'is there something you want to tell me?'mick feaver spoke in a sudden rush. 'it's jonty marsh. he's been boasting about his brother, arthur. says he's got a really big job on. says arthur's taking him along, too.'shaheed singh found that he could not look up and meet the boy's eyes. so this was his first informer - his old schoolfriend mick feaver.'the other lads didn't believe jonty, see. thought he was just talking big. so jonty gets mad at them, says if they don't believe him, they can read all about it in the newspapers. it's going to be the first weekend in july. they're going to break into a big house called rosemont.'