"roberto," maria said very softy and kissed him. "i am sorry. i do not wish to disappoint you but i am not feeling very well tonight.""that is of no importance. that is a passing thing. we are together when we lie together.""yes, but i am very sorry, roberto.""let us talk together. i know you very little from talking.""should we speak of tomorrow and of your work?""no," he said. "let us not talk about tomorrow nor what happened today. are you afraid?""i am always afraid. but now i am afraid for you so much i do not think of me.""you must not, rabbit. i have been in many things. and worse than this," he lied.then suddenly surrendering to something, to the luxury of going into unreality, he said, "let us talk of us in madrid.""good," she said. he stroked her head and kissed her and relaxed beside her, listening to the quiet of the night.they talked about madrid, imagined how it would be there and made plans for the future.then suddenly maria said, "listen. pilar told me something-""say it.""no. it is better not to.""what was it you were going to say?""pilar told me that we would all die tomorrow and that you know it as well as she does and that you give it no importance. she says this not in criticism but in admiration.""she said that?" he said. the crazy woman, he thought, and he said,"that is more of her gypsy nonsense.""then you know no such thing?""of course not."but this time when he talked about madrid there was no slipping into fantasy again. now he was just lying to his girl and to himself to pass the night before battle and he knew it. he liked to do it, but all the luxury of the acceptance was gone.god, he had pretended a lot tonight. and pilar had been pretending all day. sure. what if they were killed tomorrow? what did it matter as long as they did the bridge properly? that was all they had to do tomorrow. maybe i have had all my life in three days, he thought. he kissed maria who did not wake.it was two o'clock in the morning when pilar waked him."pablo is gone," the big woman said to him.robert jordan put on his trousers and shoes. maria had not waked."when?" he asked."it must be an hour.""and?""he has taken something that belongs to you," the woman said sadly."so. what?""i do not know," she told him. "come and see."robert jordan shone the torch on the two sacks that were at the head of pilar's bed. there was a long slit from top to bottom in each one. he felt in the first sack, and it should not be very full. it was not very full. there was some wire in it still but the wooden box of the exploder was gone. so was the box with the detonators. so was the tin with the fuse. then he felt in the other sack. it was still full of explosive. there might be one packet missing.he stood up and turned to the woman."i thought you were guarding my things," he said, visibly upset."i slept with my head against them and one arm touching them," pilar told him. "pablo got up in the night and i said, 'where do you go, pablo?''to urinate,' he told me and i slept again. when i woke again and he was not there i worried and i felt for the sacks and found that there were the slit places and i came to you.""come on," robert jordan said.they went to the meadow and found that two horses were gone."how long ago do you think he left?""it must have been an hour.""then that is that," robert jordan said. "i'm going to get what is left of my sacks and go back to bed.""i will guard them.""you've guarded them once already.""there is nothing i would not do to bring back your property. we have both been betrayed by pablo."robert jordan realized that he should not be angry. he had to work with this woman.he put his hand on her shoulder. "what is gone is of small importance. we shall improvise something that will do as well. get some sleep, woman," he told her gently.robert jordan lay in the robe beside maria who was still sleeping. he was angry with himself. you told yourself the first time you saw him that when he would be friendly would be when the treachery would come. you damned fool.oh, the dirty, vile pig. why was i such a fool as to leave them with that woman? the insane, egotistical pigs that have always governed spain and ruled her armies.his anger gradually subsided as he exaggerated more and more and spread his scorn so widely that he could no longer believe in it himself. if that were true what are you here for? it's not true and you know it.he lay close to the girl now with his arms around her. 1"it's all planned," he said softly against maria's shoulder. "we'll be killed but we'll blow the bridge. you have not had to worry about it. sleep well, my beloved."andres arrived at a government position."don't shoot, comrades," andres shouted. "i want to come in.""how many are you?" someone called from behind the wall."one. me. alone.""who are you?""andres lopez of villaconejos. from the band of pablo. with a message.""listen, fascist.""i am not a fascist," andres shouted. "i am a guerrillero from the band of pablo."he's crazy," he heard someone say. "throw a bomb at him.""i have never heard of the band of pablo," the man who was evidently in command said. "put your rifle over your shoulder and use your hands to come through the wire."when he had come through the wire he showed the commanding officer his papers. he examined them carefully."i have orders to deliver this message to the general commanding the thirty-fifty division, which makes an attack at daylight in these hills and it is already late at night and i must go.""what attack?""i know nothing.""i distrust all of this greatly," the commanding officer said. "i will go with you myself to the commander.""good," andres said. "but we should go quickly."they went on down the hill in the dark.robert jordan lay with the girl and he watched time passing on his wrist watch. the morning would be coming fast now in this month. it was time to rise."roberto," maria said."yes, guapa.""will we be together today?""after the start, yes.""not at the start?""no. you will be with the horses.""but you will come fast when it is done?""very fast," he said and grinned in the dark. "come, let us go and eat."in the cave pilar had coffee ready in a pot. she was repairing the hole in one of jordan's packs. the men drank their coffee and were nervous."are you going to be throwing bombs, ingles?" agustin asked."why not?" robert jordan said.but crouched there, sorting out the grenades, what he was thinking was: it is impossible. how could i have deceived myself? we were as defeated when they attacked sordo as sordo was defeated when the snow stopped. it is that you can't accept it. you have to go on and make a plan that you know is impossible to carry out. you made it and now you know it is no good. you can take either of the posts with what you've got here. but you can't take them both. pablo knew that all the time. you can't base an operation on the hope that a miracle will happen. do you suppose there will be a miracle and golz will get the message from andres and stop it? if there isn't, you are going to kill them all with those orders. maria too.it was a night plan and it's morning. night plans aren't any good in the morning. take it easy, he told himself. there are always ways out.pilar came over to him with the bag of grenades."how does it seem to you now that it is really starting?""that we are few," robert jordan said to her quickly."to me, too," she said. "very few.""about that thing of the hand-""what thing of the hand?" he said angrily."do not be angry. in regard to that thing of the hand. that is all gypsy nonsense that i make to give myself an importance. there is no such thing.""leave it alone," he said coldly."no," she said harshly and lovingly. "i care for you very much. do not worry. we will all do very well.""of course we will," robert jordan said."when do we go?" pilar asked."robert jordan looked at his watch and said, "any time.""listen," pilar began. robert jordan looked toward her and as he did he saw her mouth open and the unbelieving look come on her face and he reached for his pistol. there was pablo, standing short and wide, looking toward no one in particular."you-" pilar said to him unbelieving."me," said pablo evenly. he came into the cave."hola, ingles," he said. "i have five men from the bands of elias and alejandro above with their horses.""and the exploder and the detonators?" robert jordan said."i threw them into the river," pablo said still looking at no one. "but i have thought of a way to detonate using a grenade.""so have i," robert jordan said.he turned to robert jordan. "at the bottom i am not a coward."but you are many other things, robert jordan thought. but i'm glad to see you."i have thought much since the thing of sordo. i believe if we must finish we must finish together. but you, ingles, i hate you for bringing this to us."in the dark they came up the hill through the forest to the narrow pass at the top. they all had heavy loads and they climbed slowly. the horses had loads too.ever since pablo had said he had five men robert jordan felt increasingly better. seeing pablo again had broken the pattern of tragedy into which the whole operation had seemed destined ever since the snow. instead of the certainty of failure he felt confidence rising in him.during the time that robert jordan had slept, the time he had spent planning the destruction of the bridge and the time that he had been with maria, andres had made slow progress. he had followed the company commander to battalion headquarters where the commander was filled with enthusiasm on hearing about his mission. this commander, who was named gomez, cursed the company commander for his stupidity, patted andres on the back and told him that he had always wanted to be a guerrillero.instead of sending andres back to brigade headquarters with the motorcyclist, gomez had decided to take him there himself in order to expedite things. with andres holding tight onto the seat ahead of him, they roared, bumping down the mountain road between the row of big trees.when they arrived at brigade headquarters gomez said to a very sleepy officer, "call the lieutenant-colonel. this is a matter of the utmost gravity. we have a message for general golz who commands the attack that is to be made at dawn at navacerrada.""he is asleep," the officer said."wake him up, for the love of god."the officer looked at him with his droopy eyes and said, "all of you are crazy. i know of no general golz nor of an attack.""wake the lieutenant-colonel," gomez said and andres saw his mouth tightening.the officer answered with an obscenity and gomez took his pistol and held it against the officer's shoulder."wake him or i'll kill you.""calm yourself," the officer said."wake him."the lieutenant-colonel miranda, a short, gray-faced man, who had been in the army all his life, came into the room."what brings you, gomez?" he asked. gomez showed him andres's papers and the message. he looked at the message hungrily, felt the seal, tested it with his forefinger and then handed both back to andres."you had better take him, gomez, on the motorcycle," the lieutenant-colonel said. "write them a very strong salvoconducto to the estado mayor of general golz for me to sign and put on two seals," he said to the officer.the officer showed him what he had typed and he read it over and signed it. "you must go now quickly," he said to gomez and andres. he shook hands with both of them.after they went out he stood in front of the big map on the wall and studied the offensive possibilities in the country above navacerrada."i am glad it is golz and not me," he said.