"we should continue," robert jordan said. "rest when we get there. i must see this man.""you will see him. there is no hurry. i rest now," the woman said. "i want to bathe my feet in the stream." she looked at maria and robert jordan. "how would you like to be ugly, beautiful one?" she said to maria."you are not ugly.""i was born ugly. all my life i have been ugly. do you know what it is to be ugly all your life and inside to feel that you are beautiful? it is very rare. i would have made a good man, but i am all woman and all ugly. yet many men have loved me and i have loved many men. it is curious.""no," said maria. "you are not ugly.""try to use your head and not your heart," pilar said."where were you at the start of the movement?" robert jordan asked."in my town.""and what happened?""much," the woman said. "much. and all of it ugly.""tell me about it," robert jordan said."it is brutal. i do not like to tell it before the girl.""i can hear it," maria said. she put her hand on robert jordan's. "there is nothing that i cannot hear."the girl leaned back against the heather and robert jordan stretched himself out on the ground and found maria's hand and held it in his.pilar began telling them how pablo had surrounded the barracks of the guardia civil in the dark, had cut the telephone wires and had blown the wall open. she explained in detail how pablo had finished off the wounded guards and had executed the other four by having them kneel against the wall and shooting them in the back of the head.she told of how the fascists of the town had been seized in their homes and taken to the ayuntamiento. there a priest confessed them and gave them the necessary sacraments.while this was going on, pablo organized the townspeople in two lines with about two meters between the lines. these lines extended from the ayuntamiento to the edge of the cliff. the townspeople were given flails to beat the fascists to death as they walked between the lines. some used clubs and pitch forks. once they had been beaten to death they were thrown over the cliff and into the river.when pablo was asked why this was being done, he answered that he wanted to save bullets and that each man should have his share in the responsibility."that night when everything was over i felt hollow and full of shame, and i had a great feeling of oppression and of bad to come. and bad came after three days, when the fascists took over the town," pilar said."do not tell me about it," said maria. "i do not want to hear it. this is enough. this is too much.""i wish you would tell me of it sometime," robert jordan said."i will," pilar said. "but not now."they got up and started walking. as they came up the trail a man with a carbine stepped out from behind a tree."halt," he said. "hola, pilar. who is with you?""an ingles," pilar said."salud camarada." the guard said to robert jordan and put out his hand. he was very young and his eyes were friendly."are you the dynamiter?" joaquin asked."yes, i am the dynamiter.""is it for a train?""were you at the last train?" robert jordan asked."yes, i was. that's where we got her," he grinned at maria. joaquin's father, mother, sister and brother-in-law had been killed by the fascists.finally they came to a short and heavy man. he put out a big brown hand to pilar."hola," he said to robert jordan and shook his hand and looked him in the face. his eyes were yellow as a cat's and flat as a reptile's eyes are.el sordo nodded. "ingles?" he asked."americano.""same as ingles. when blow bridge?""you know about the bridge?"el sordo nodded."day after tomorrow morning.""good," said el sordo. "pablo?" he asked pilar.she shook her head. el sordo grinned and looked at robert jordan and said, "much troop movement.""where?""segovia. planes you saw.""bad, eh?""bad. why not blow bridge tonight?""i have my orders.""i don't like it," el sordo said."nor i," said robert jordan. "how many men have you?""eight," said el sordo."to cut the telephone, attack the post, take it and fall back on the bridge," said robert jordan."it is easy.""it will all be written out.""don't trouble.""and afterwards for the retreat? where are we going to go when this is done?" pilar shouted into el sordo's ear.he shrugged his shoulders."all that must be arranged," the woman said."of course," said el sordo. "there are many places. you know gredos? we can get to gredos as well as to anywhere else, traveling at night. here it is very dangerous now.""but i think you could operate very well from the gredos," said robert jordan."what?" el sordo said and looked at him with his eyes very flat. there was no friendliness in the way he asked the question."you could raid more effectively from there," robert jordan said."so," el sordo said. "you know gredos?""yes. you could operate against the main line of the railway from there. you are more useful there," robert jordan said.they had both gotten sullen as he talked.i have made a mistake, robert jordan thought to himself. when i should have flattered them i told them what i think they should do and now they are furious."listen," pilar said to him. "how are your nerves?""all right," said robert jordan."because the last dynamiter they sent, kashkin, although a formidable technician, was very nervous.""we have nervous ones," robert jordan said. "now he is dead.""how was that?" el sordo asked."i shot him because he was too badly wounded to travel and he did not want to be left behind.""was it a train?" el sordo asked."yes," said robert jordan."are you sure your nerves are all right?" pilar said to robert jordan."yes," he told her, "and i think that when we terminate this of the bridge you should go to the gredos."as he said that, the woman started to curse in a flood of obscene language.el sordo shook his head at robert jordan and grinned, and robert jordan knew that it was all right again now. finally she stopped cursing, took a drink of water and said calmly, "we'll see what happens.""you see, comrade," el sordo explained, "it is the morning that is difficult." he was not talking the pidgin spanish now and was calm. "i understand your needs and i know the posts must be exterminated and the bridge covered while you do your work. this is easy to do before daylight or at daylight. but to leave afterward and get out of this country in daylight presents a grave problem.""clearly, i have thought of it. it is daylight for me also.""but you are one," el sordo said. "we are various. you could not do it at night?""i would be shot for it.""it is possible we will all be shot for it if you do it in the daytime.""for me that is less important once the bridge is blown, but i see your viewpoint. can you work out a retreat for daylight?""certainly," el sordo said. "we will work out such a retreat. but you speak of going to gredos. to arrive at gredos would be a miracle."robert jordan said nothing."listen to me," el sordo said. "we exist here by a miracle. by a miracle of laziness and stupidity of the fascists which they will remedy in time. we must think much about this. let us eat now. i have talked much.""i appreciate your aid and your loyalty," robert jordan said.they left el sordo's after eating and started down the trail. it was hot in the late may afternoon and the woman stopped. her face looked pale.robert jordan said, "let us rest a minute. we go too fast.""rest, pilar," maria said. "you look bad.""all right," said pilar and the three sat down under a pine tree. "come here, guapa, and put your head in my lap," said pilar.maria moved close to her, put her arms out and folded them as one does who goes to sleep without a pillow and lay with her head on her arms. she turned her face up at pilar and smiled at her but the big woman looked at the mountains."you can have her in a little while, ingles," she said."do not talk like that," maria said."yes, he can have you. but i am jealous," pilar said and ran her finger around the lobe of the girl's ear. "i am very jealous. i love you and he can have you.""i love you, too," said maria."now i will leave the two of you. i am only jealous that you are nineteen. it is not a jealousy which lasts. you will not be nineteen always. now i go." she walked off into the heather toward the stream.robert jordan and maria walked through the heather of the mountain meadow and from the palm of her hand against the palm of his, from their fingers locked together, something came that was like a current that filled his whole body with an aching hollowness of wanting. he held her to him and kissed her. he felt her trembling as he kissed her and he held her body tight to him. then her lips were on his throat, and he put her down and said, "maria, oh, my maria."then he said, "where should we go?"she did not say anything but slipped her hand inside of his shirt and he felt her undoing the shirt buttons.there was the smell of heather and the sun bright on her closed eyes and all his life he would remember the curve of her throat with her head pushed back into the heather roots. they were both there and he felt time had stopped and he felt the earth move out and away from under them.then he was lying on his side, his head deep in the heather, and the girl was lying opposite him with her eyes still shut and then she opened them and smiled at him and he said very tiredly, "hello, rabbit." and she smiled and said, "hello, my ingles."as they were walking along the stream he said, "maria, i love you and you are so lovely and so wonderful and so beautiful and it does such things to me to be with you that i feel as though i wanted to die when i am loving you.""oh," she said. "i die each time. do you not die?""no. almost. but did you feel the earth move?""yes. as i died."he was walking beside her but his mind was thinking of the problem of the bridge now. then he started to think of all the things that might go wrong.stop it, he told himself. you mustn't worry. you know the things that may happen. now he was forced to use these people whom he liked as you should use troops toward whom you have no feeling at all if you are to be successful. pablo was the smartest. he knew how bad it was instantly. the woman was all for it, and still was. sordo recognized it instantly and would do it but he did not like it any more than he, robert jordan, liked it. no, he would carry out the orders and it was bad luck that you liked the people you must do it with.and what are you going to do afterwards? i am going back and earn my living teaching spanish as before, i am going to write a true book and i am going to marry maria. spanish girls make wonderful wives. i've never had one so i know.but in the meantime all the life you have or ever will have is today, tonight, tomorrow, over and over again (i hope), he thought and so you had better take what time there is and be thankful for it. i suppose it is possible to live as full a life in seventy hours as in seventy years; granted that your life has been full and that you have reached a certain age. if you love this girl as much as you say you do, you had better love her very hard and make up in intensity what the relation will lack in duration and in continuity. there is nothing else than now. there is neither yesterday, nor is there any tomorrow. so now do not worry, take what you have, and do your work and you will have a long and happy life. hasn't it been happy lately?"i love you, rabbit," he said to the girl.he and maria talked and made their way back to the camp. before reaching the camp they met pilar. the sun had clouded over and as robert jordan looked back up toward the mountains the sky was now heavy and gray."it will snow," said pilar."it can't be snow," he said."just the same," she said to him, "it will snow."