"we will have much snow," pablo said. his voice was thick and his eyes were red and bleary."has the gypsy come in?" robert jordan asked him."no," pablo said. "neither him nor the old man.""will you come with me to the upper post of the road?""i will take no part in this.""i will find it myself.""in this storm you might miss it," pablo said. "i would not go now."pablo looked at the snow that was blowing fast now past the mouth of the cave and said, "you do not like the snow?"robert jordan swore and pablo laughed."with this your offensive fails, ingles," he said. "come into the cave.""this snow," robert jordan said. "you think there will be much?""much," pablo said contentedly. then he called to pilar, "you don't like it, woman, either? now that you command you do not like this snow?""if it snows, it snows.""drink some wine, ingles," pablo said. "i have been drinking all day waiting for the snow.""give me a cup," robert jordan said."to the snow," pablo said and touched cups with him. robert jordan looked him in the eyes and clinked his cup. you bleary-eyed murderous fool, he thought. i'd like to clink this cup against your teeth. take it easy, he told himself.he went over to maria and said, "very beautiful, the snow.""but it is bad for the work, isn't it?" she asked him. "aren't you worried?""worrying is no good."the drunken man looked at him and grinned."no offensive. no aviones. no bridge. just snow," pablo said."you expect it to last a long time?" robert jordan said."tonight and tomorrow, yes.""what makes you think so?""i transported goods across the mountains with the big carts before the camions came into use. in that business we learned the weather.""but what were you doing before the movement?""i worked for a horse contractor of zaragoza. he furnished horses for the bull rings. it was then that i met pilar who was with the matador finito de palencia.""he wasn't much of a matador," one of the brothers said."no?" pilar said. "he wasn't much of a matador?"she saw finito, the not-so-good matador, now standing in front of the bull. she saw him clearly now and she heard his thin, clear voice as he turned his head and looked toward the people above the red fence and said, "let's see if we can kill him like this!" she could hear the voice and see all his movements inside the ring."he was a good matador," pablo said. "he was handicapped by his short stature.""and clearly he had tuberculosis," primitivo said."tuberculosis?" pilar said. "who wouldn't have tuberculosis in this country where no poor man can ever hope to make money unless he is a criminal or a bullfighter, or a tenor in the opera? in a country where the bourgeoisie over-eat so that their stomachs are ruined and the poor are hungry from their birth until the day they die. he was short of stature and he had a thin voice and much fear of bulls. never have i seen a man with more fear before the bullfight and never have i seen a man with less fear in the ring.""i remember," the first brother said. "i was in the ring. it was a soap-colored one with a curly forehead and with very high horns. it was the last bull he killed in valladolid.""exactly," pilar said. "and afterwards the club of enthusiasts who had taken his name for their club had the head of the bull mounted and presented it to him at a small banquet. during the meal they had the head on the wall, but it was covered with a cloth. i was at the table and others were there too. finito did not eat much because he had received a palotaxo, a blow from the horn of a bull he had killed in his last corrida of the year at zaragoza, and even now he could not hold food on his stomach. he would put his handkerchief to his mouth and deposit a quantity of blood in it at intervals throughout the banquet. he was suffering much during the banquet."the president of the club began the speech which was to precede the uncovering of the head. i was watching finito who was making use of his, no, my, napkin and sinking further back in his chair and staring with horror and fascination at the shrouded bull's head on the wall opposite him."so the president of the club reached the end of the speech and then, with everybody cheering him, he pulled the purple shroud off the head. everyone applauded and finito sank further back in the chair and said, "no. no." and looked at the bull and pulled further back and then a big blob of blood came out and he didn't even put up the napkin and it slid down his chin.""how long after that did he die?" primitivo asked."that winter," pilar said.just then the gypsy came in the door. he was covered with snow.robert jordan stood up and went over to the door, "well?" he said to the gypsy."six-hour watches, two men at a time on the big bridge," the gypsy said."there are eight men and a corporal at the hut.""and the road?" robert jordan asked."the same movement as always," the gypsy said. "nothing out of the usual. several motor cars.""let us go for the old man," robert jordan said."not me," the gypsy said. "i go now for the fire and the hot soup. who wants to guide the ingles?" he asked."i will go," fernando rose. "tell me where it is."anselmo was sitting on the trunk of a big tree and the snow blew past on either side. if i stay here much longer i will freeze, he thought. the ingles told me to stay until someone comes but he did not know about the storm.anselmo was so cold now that he decided he had best go to camp before it was dark. but the ingles told me to stay, he thought. even now he may be on the way here and, if i leave this place, he may lose himself in the snow searching for me. all through this war we have suffered from a lack of discipline and from disobeying orders and i will wait for him a while still. but if he does not come soon i must go in spite of all orders. across the road at the mill the fascists are warm and comfortable, he thought, and tomorrow night we will kill them. it is a strange thing and i do not like to think of it. i have watched them all and they are the same men that we are. they should never be fighting against us and i do not like to think of the killing. i think that after the war there will have to be some great penance done for the killing. if we no longer have religion after the war then i think there must be some form of civic penance organized that all may be cleansed from the killing."hola, viejo," robert jordan whispered and clapped him on the back. "how's the old one?""very cold," anselmo said."come on," robert jordan whispered. "go to camp and get warm. it was a crime to leave you here so long." he stayed as he was told, robert jordan thought. that's the rarest thing that can happen in spain. they slowly walked up the hill in the snow to the camp.they reached the smoky warmth of the cave and pilar said, "el sordo was here. he has gone to look for horses."pablo was sitting at the table and grinned and waved his hand."it's still falling."robert jordan nodded at him."let me take your shoes and dry them over the fire," said maria."be careful not to burn them," said robert jordan."let me take your jacket," said maria. "do not let the snow melt on it. go and dry your feet and let me bring you something warm to drink.""you would think a man had never wet his feet before," pilar said. "roberto," maria said, "are you ready to eat?""have the others eaten?""all except you, anselmo and fernando.""let us eat then. and you?""afterwards, with pilar.""eat now with us.""no, it would not be well. here it is better to eat after.""eat with him," pablo said. "drink with him. sleep with him. die with him. follow the customs of his country.""are you drunk?" robert jordan said.pablo looked at him happily and said, "yes.""i liked you better when you were barbarous," the woman said. "of all men the drunkard is the worst. he stinks and vomits in his own bed and dissolves his organs in alcohol.""listen, ingles," agustin said. "how did you happen to come to spain? pay no attention to pablo. he is drunk.""i came first twelve years ago to study the country and the language," robert jordan said. "i teach spanish in a university.""but why spanish?" andres asked. "would it not be easier to teach english since you are english?""he speaks spanish as we do," anselmo said. "why should he not teach spanish?""yes. but it is, in a way, presumptuous for a foreigner to teach spanish,"fernando said. "i mean nothing against you, don roberto.""mule," pilar said. "he teaches spanish to americans. north americans who speak english.""do you think this snow will last?" robert jordan asked pablo."ask another. i am not your service of information. ask the woman," said pablo.i'd like to kill him, robert jordan was thinking. i don't know what he is going to do, but it is nothing good. day after tomorrow we want to blow up the bridge and this man is bad and he is a danger to the success of the whole operation. let us get it over with."cobarde," robert jordan said to him."it is very possible," pablo said. "but i am not to be provoked.""shut your mouth," robert jordan said. "i provoke you for myself.""it is not worth the trouble," pablo told him. "i do not provoke."he's rare, all right, robert jordan thought, and smart, and very complicated. "here's to you," robert jordan said, and dipped a cup into the wine bowl. betrayal wouldn't amount to anything without all these pledges, he thought. "salud, pablo," robert jordan said. "i'm learning much from you.""i am teaching the professor," pablo nodded his head. "come on, don roberto, we will be friends.""we are good friends already.""i'm going to get out of here," agustin said."what is the matter, negro? don't you like to see friendship between don roberto and me?""watch your mouth about calling me negro." agustin went over to him and stood in front of pablo holding his hands low."so you are called," pablo said."not by you."agustin hit him hard across the mouth with his left hand. pablo sat there. the corners of his mouth were wine-stained and his expression did not change, but robert jordan watched his eyes change.agustin hit him again on the mouth with his closed fist. robert jordan was holding his pistol in his hand under the table. he pushed maria away with his left hand.the round-headed man sat staring at agustin from his flat little eyes. he licked his lips, put up an arm and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, looked down and saw the blood on his hand."i am not a fool. i do not provoke."agustin hit him again hard in the mouth and pablo laughed at him, showing the yellow, bad, broken teeth in the reddened line of his mouth."nobody here has the courage to kill me. i am going to the horses. even from behind they are better looking and have more sense than these people," he said and grinned. "speak to them of the bridge, roberto. explain their duties in the attack. tell them about the retreat. where will you take your patriots after the bridge? i have thought of it all day while i was drinking.""what have you thought?" agustin asked."i have thought you are a group of illusioned people, led by a woman with her brains between her legs and a foreigner who comes to destroy you.""get out," pilar shouted.agustin was worried.