there had still been snow then, the snow that had ruined them. when his horse was hit sordo had pulled him along by the bridle as he climbed, with bullets hitting the rocks. then he had shot him quickly, expertly, and tenderly. he fired at what came up the hill, forcing them to scatter.there were two more horses dead along the hill and three more were dead here on the hilltop. he had only succeeded in stealing three horses last night.of the five men who had reached the hilltop three were wounded. sordo was wounded in the calf of his leg and in two places in his left arm. he was very thirsty and he had a bad headache. as he lay waiting for the planes to come he thought of a joke in spanish: "hay que tomar la muerte como si fuera aspirina," which means, "you will have to take death as an aspirin." he grinned inside his pain and nausea.the five men were spread out like the points of a five-pointed star. "sordo, when do you think the planes will come?" one man asked."any time," said sordo."do you think they will attack again?""only if the planes do not come."he was in much pain. he looked up at the bright, blue early summer sky as he raised the leather wine bottle with his good arm. he was fifty-two years old and he was sure this was the last time he would see that sky.he was not at all afraid of dying but he was angry at being trapped on this hill. dying was nothing and he had no picture or fear of it in his mind. but living was a field of grain blowing in the wind. living was a hawk in the sky. living was a horse between your legs.just then someone shouted from down the slope."listen, bandits!" the voice came from behind the rocks. "surrender now before the planes blow you to pieces.""maybe the planes aren't coming," el sordo said. "don't answer them and do not fire.""bandidos! surrender now before we blow you to little pieces.""let no one move," sordo whispered."bandidos! surrender!" the voice from behind the rocks again.sordo grinned. this is better than aspirin, he thought. how many will we get? can they be that foolish?below the officer in command was speaking to the sniper. "they are surrounded. they have nothing to expect but to die."the sniper said nothing."what do you think?" the officer asked."nothing," the sniper said."for me it is a trick," the second officer said."but if it is not? what ridicule, besieging dead men.""we have done something worse than ridiculous already," the second officer said. "look at that slope."he looked up the slope to where the dead lay."bandidos!" the captain shouted suddenly, getting to his feet."fire, cowards, if you are alive," he shouted and stood there looking at the hilltop."there is no one alive up there," the captain said. "you," he said to the sniper, "go up there and see."the sniper looked down and said nothing."why don't you go?""i am afraid, my captain," the soldier said with dignity."it is possible the soldier is right," the lieutenant said."they are all dead," the captain said."you mean our comrades on the hill?" the lieutenant said."don't be a fool. i tell you the reds are dead."he stood on the gray boulder and waved both his arms and said, "shoot me! kill me!"on the hilltop el sordo lay behind the dead horse and grinned. "lieutenant," the captain said happily, "you and i will go up there.""not me.""what?" the captain had his pistol out again."i will go if you order me to. but under protest," lieutenant berrendo told the captain."then i will go alone," the captain said. "i smell cowards here."holding the pistol in his right hand, he strode steadily up the slope. el sordo lay behind the horse watching the captain come up the hill. only one, he thought. we get only one. look what an animal. look at him stride forward. this one i take with me on the trip. this one coming now makes the same voyage i do. come right along, comrade voyager.he pulled the trigger of the automatic rifle gently. the captain lay on his face on the hillside.from the hilltop sordo shouted, "bandidos! shoot me! kill me!"just then the others on the hill heard the first sound of the coming of the planes.el sordo did not hear them. he felt a touch on his shoulder and he turned and saw the gray, frightened face of joaquin and he looked where the boy was pointing and saw the three planes coming."help me to pull this out," he said to joaquin and the boy dragged the automatic rifle clear from the horse and the rock. the planes were coming on steadily."lie on your backs to fire at them," sordo said. "fire ahead of them as they come. ignacio, put the gun on joaquin's shoulder."joaquin began to pray. there were explosions around him. then there was a whistle in the air and a red black roar. the earth moved under his knees and then hit him in the face and ignacio was lying on him. the planes came back three times and bombed the hilltop but no one on the hilltop knew it.lieutenant berrendo walked up to the hilltop. no one was alive except the boy joaquin, who was unconscious under the dead body of ignacio. lieutenant berrendo made the sign of the cross and then shot him in the back of the head, quickly and gently. he stood on the hilltop and looked at his own dead."take that one, too," he said. "the one with his hands on the automatic rifle. that should be sordo. no. cut the head off and wrap it in a poncho. take all the heads."then he made the sign of the cross again and walked down the hill. he did not wish to stay to see his orders being carried out.after the planes went away robert jordan and primitivo heard the firing start and his heart seemed to start again with it. then everything was quiet again and he knew that it was over.maria came up from the camp with a tin bucket of stewed hare with mushrooms in the rich sauce and a sack with bread, a leather wine bottle, plates, cups and spoons."what did the aviation do?" she asked, her eyes frightened."bombed sordo," robert jordan said."are they still fighting?""no. it is over.""oh," she said and bit her lip."i have no appetite," primitivo said."eat anyway," robert jordan told him."i could not swallow food.""take a drink of this man," robert jordan said and handed him the wine bottle. "then eat.""this of sordo has taken away desire," primitivo said. "you eat."maria went over to him and put her arms around his neck and kissed him."eat, old one," she said. "each one should take care of his strength."primitivo took the wine bottle and then filled his plate and began to eat.maria sat down and put her arm around robert jordan's shoulder."you may stay here, if you want," he said after the food was all eaten."no," she said. "i must go to pilar. she is giving me instruction.""what does she give you?""instruction." she smiled, kissed him and left.an hour passed when he saw them coming over the top of the hill and he picked up his binoculars. the first two riders came into sight on the slope of the high hill. then there were four more horsemen coming down, and then he saw the double column of men and horses. then came the horses with their burdens tied across the saddles. he could not see at that distance that one saddle had of a long rolled poncho. it carried the heads of the men. sordo's automatic rifle was lashed on top of the saddle.lieutenant berrendo, who was riding at the head of the column, felt no arrogance. he felt only the hollowness that comes after action. he was thinking: taking the heads is barbarous. but proof and identification is necessary. i will have trouble enough about this. he rode out of the forest onto the yellow road that led into la granja. it was here that anselmo saw them ride past.he counted the dead and the wounded and he recognized sordo's automatic rifle. he did not know what the poncho was, but when, on his way home, he came onto the hill where sordo had fought, he knew at once what the poncho contained. 1he walked as fast as he could to bring the news. and as he walked he prayed for the souls of sordo and his band. it was the first time he had prayed since the start of the movement.he could not keep from thinking of the next day. so he thought: i will do exactly as the ingles says. help me, o lord, tomorrow to behave as a man should in his last hours.when he had reached the upper post fernando asked, "who's there?""it is i," he answered, "anselmo.""good," fernando said."you know about sordo?" anselmo asked fernando."pablo has told us all."robert jordan looked up as anselmo came in. pablo stared straight at the table."i come from above," anselmo said to robert jordan."pablo has told us," robert jordan said."there were six dead on the hill and they had taken the heads," anselmo said.robert jordan nodded. pablo sat there looking at the wine bowl and saying nothing. there was no expression on his face."sit down," robert jordan said to anselmo. "what happened on the road, old one?""there was much movement," anselmo said. "i have it all noted down as you showed me."while robert jordan noted anselmo told him everything he had seen move past him on the road. he told it from the beginning and in order with the wonderful memory of those who cannot read or write.when he finished, he said, "that is all.""it is enough," robert jordan said. "who beside you has been through the lines to the side of the republic?""andres and eladio.""which is the better of those two?""andres.""then get andres and i will write a message for him to give to general golz. i will write it now and close it with this seal. now go and get andres."robert jordan commenced writing in his notebook."listen, ingles there is no need to be disheartened. without sordo we have plenty of people to take the posts and blow your bridge," pablo said."good," robert jordan said and continued writing."plenty," pablo said. "i have admired your judgment much today. you are smarter than i am. i have confidence in you."robert jordan was hardly listening because he was concentrating on his report to golz. he was trying to write a short report and still convince them to cancel the attack. however, he did not want them to think that he had any fears about his mission.this is my report to golz, he thought. i do not blow the bridge until the attack starts. my orders are clear and if the attack is called off i blow nothing.so now everything had been done that there was to do that night. all orders had been given. everyone knew exactly what he was to do in the morning. andres had been gone three hours. either it would come now with the coming of daylight or it would not come. i believe that it will come, robert jordan told himself. don't worry, he told himself. look at the miracles that have happened before this. either you will have to blow that bridge in the morning or you will not have to. it is not you who decides what shall be done. you follow orders.he began thinking about his grandfather who had been such a good soldier and had fought for four years in the american civil war. he thought about his father who had shot himself with grandfather's 32 caliber smith and wesson. he had forgiven his father and he had pitied him, but he was ashamed of him.you better not think at all, he told himself. soon you will be with maria and you won't have to think.