"listen, woman," he said softly."what now?" she whispered in a low voice."you understand that there is to be no attack on the post until you hear the falling of the bombs?""how many times do you have to tell me?" pilar said."only to check," robert jordan said. "and after the destruction of the post you fall back onto the bridge and cover the road from above and my left flank.""i have understood this since we were at sordo's," pilar whispered.robert jordan went to where pablo was tying the horses."do you understand everything?" robert jordan asked."why not?" pablo said. "destroy the post. cut the wire. fall back on the bridge. cover the bridge until you blow it.""and nothing to start until the commencement of the bombardment.""thus it is.""well, much luck," robert jordan said."we all go now." pablo said. "suerte, ingles."he put his hand out and said, "suerte, pablo," and their two hands gripped in the dark. pablo's hand gripped his hard and pressed it frankly and he returned the grip.robert jordan threw his pack on his back and walked over to the horses to find maria."good-by, guapa," he said. "i will see you soon."he had an unreal feeling about all of this now as though he had said it all before."good-by, roberto," she said. "take much care."walking carefully they dropped down the steep wooded hillside to the point above the bridge where robert jordan and anselmo had watched the first day."here is where we watched," anselmo said. he took robert jordan's hand to touch a small fresh blaze on the tree trunk. "to the right is where you wanted to put the maquina.""we will place it there. from here, with daylight," robert jordan whispered to agustin, "you will see a small stretch of road and the entrance to the bridge. here you will lie while we prepare the exploding and fire on anything that comes from above or below."anselmo and robert jordan left agustin there and went back to where the packs were."where had we best leave them?" robert jordan whispered."i think here.""is this exactly where we were on that day?""the same tree," anselmo said."it is close enough. we are all right here.""then i will go now to cross the gorge and be in position at the other end," anselmo said. "until soon, ingles.""until soon, old one," robert jordan said. he lay on the pine-needle floor of the forest and waited for daylight.during the time pablo had ridden back from the hills to the cave and by the time the band had dropped down to where they had left the horses, andres had made rapid progress toward golz's headquarters. the motorcycle went fast, swooping along the road that mounted steadily toward the mountain. as they neared the top gomez told him to get down and together they pushed the motorcycle up the last steep grade of the pass. at the left, just past the top, there was a big stone building."let us go to ask where the headquarters is," gomez said to andres. at the door gomez spoke to one of the sentries. "captain gomez of the sixty-fifth brigade," he said. "can you tell me where to find the headquarters of general golz?"the sentry opened the door. "call the corporal," he shouted inside.just then a big staff car came toward them and stopped outside the door.a large man, old and heavy, in an oversized khaki beret got out of the car. he spoke in french. gomez knew this man's high political place in the international brigades and he knew this man would know where golz's headquarters were. he did not know what this man had become with time, disappointment and thwarted ambition. knowing nothing of this gomez stepped forward, saluted and said, "comrade marty, we are the bearers of a message for general golz. can you direct us to his headquarters? it is urgent.""you have what, comrade?" he asked gomez."a message for general golz."andre marty glanced at the message and the other papers and put them in his pocket."arrest them both," he said to the corporal."what is wrong with that man?" gomez said to one of the guards."he is crazy," the guard said."i thought he was a great french figure," gomez said."he may be a glory and all, but he is crazy. he has a mania for shooting people."it is doubtful if the outcome of andres's mission would have been different if he and gomez had been allowed to proceed without marty's obstruction. there was no one at the front with sufficient authority to cancel the attack.on this night, marty was still sitting at the table with his map when the door opened and karkov the russian journalist came in with two other russians.marty did not like karkov, but karkov was at this moment one of the three most important men in spain. when karkov heard of the message coming through for golz from a partizan group that involved his american comrade jordan, he immediately ordered marty to give him the message and sent andres and gomez to golz's headquarters.andres and gomez were on the motorcycle and on the road again. when they reached golz's headquarters, however, the first sound of the planes was heard. duvall, golz's chief of staff, read the message, and felt sweat come out from his armpit and run down his flank. he was able to give the message to golz on the phone, but it was too late. golz knew that once they had passed overhead the bombs would fall. he watched the planes with his hard proud eyes that knew how things could be and how they would be instead.robert jordan lay behind the trunk of a pine tree and looked at the structure of the bridge. he looked at his watch and wondered if andres got through to golz. and if he did would they cancel it? we should have portable short-wave sets, though.robert jordan looked down to the sentry box. then he heard the sudden noise of the bombs falling. the man in the sentry box stood up when he heard the bombs and reached for his rifle. robert jordan felt his own breath tight now as he aimed at the man's chest and squeezed the trigger. then he heard anselmo shoot.robert jordan picked up the two heavy packs, ran onto the bridge and started climbing down into the framework."hand me a package at a time," he called up to anselmo, who leaned far over the edge handing down the blocks of explosive that robert jordan placed where he wanted them."give me some more, anselmo," he said. the old man nodded. "almost finished," robert jordan said."give me the big coil of wire."the old man handed it down. then robert jordan climbed up onto the bridge, took the coil from the old man and walked back as fast as he could. then he handed it to anselmo."take this back to that high stone," he said. "hold it easily but firmly. when you pull hard, hard, the bridge will blow. comprendes?""yes.""when you pull, really pull. do not jerk."while robert jordan spoke he was looking up the road at the remainder of pilar's band. he saw primitivo and rafael supporting fernando who had been shot.then they all heard firing start down the road where pablo was holding the post he had taken. robert jordan heard the firing and as he walked he felt it in the pit of his stomach. now he was almost opposite anselmo's stone and it was still clear below the bridge.then he heard the truck coming down the road and he saw it over his shoulder and he swung his wrist once around the wire and shouted to anselmo, "blow her!" and he dug his heels in and leaned back hard onto the tension of the wire, and then there was a cracking roar and the middle of the bridge rose up in the air like a wave breaking and he felt the blast from the explosion roll back against him as he dove on his face with his hands holding tight over his head. his face was down against the pebbles as the bridge settled where it had risen and the familiar yellow smell of it rolled over him in acrid smoke and then it started to rain pieces of steel.after the steel stopped falling he was still alive and he raised his head and looked across the bridge. the center section was gone.anselmo lay face down behind the white marking stone. the loop of wire was still around his right fist. robert jordan crossed the road, knelt by him and made sure that he was dead. he was dead and that was all.robert jordan was coughing from the tnt fumes and felt numb all through himself. now it was over he was lonely, detached and elated and he hated everyone he saw.just then they heard the planes. they all looked up and the planes were coming from segovia very high in the sky. lying there, by agustin, watching the planes going over, listening for firing behind him, watching the road below where he knew he would see something but not what it would be, he still felt numb with the surprise that he had not been killed at the bridge. he had accepted being killed so completely that all of this now seemed unreal.if things had been unreal before, they were suddenly real enough now. a tank started to fire down the road."is that the famous tank, ingles?" agustin asked."that's a baby one."just then agustin saw pablo coming over the edge of the gorge, his face running with sweat.robert jordan looked, saw pablo, and then he started firing at the tank. the little tank moved quickly out of sight."bring the pans and the gun," he shouted, "and come running."robert jordan ran up the hill. agustin was close behind him and behind him pablo was coming."pilar!" robert jordan shouted. "come on!"the three of them were going as fast as they could up the steep slope."and your people?" agustin said to pablo."all dead," pablo said. "we have plenty of horses now.""good," robert jordan said. the murderous bastard, he thought.robert jordan saw maria and the next thing he was holding her tight, with the automatic rifle leaning against his side. then he said, "mount. get on that horse, guapa."robert jordan was on the big gray he had first seen in the snow of the morning of the day before. they all rode down through the timber toward the edge of the road. robert jordan rode just behind maria.as he rode he could hear guns firing. "come on, you big gray fascist bastard," he said to the horse and put him down the slope in a sliding plunge. then he was out in the open. he saw them all ahead in the edge of the forest watching him and he said, "go on, horse!" and felt his big horse's chest surging as he went up the slope and saw the gray neck stretching, and he looked back at the bridge and saw the bright flash from the tank on the road and then he heard only a banging acrid smelling noise like a boiler being ripped apart and he was under the gray horse and the gray horse was kicking and he was trying to pull out from under the weight.he could move toward the right. but his left leg stayed perfectly flat under the horse as he moved to the right. it was as though there was a new joint in it; not the hip joint but another one that went sideways.primitivo and agustin pulled him up the last slope to the timber where maria, pilar and pablo were standing.maria was kneeling by him and saying, "roberto, what is it?"he said, sweating heavily, "the left leg is broken, guapa.""we will bind it up," pilar said. "you can ride that." she pointed to one of the horses.robert jordan saw pablo shake his head and he nodded at him."pablo, come here. i have to speak to pablo," he said to pilar and maria."does it hurt much?" pablo asked."no. i think the nerve is crushed. listen. i am mucked, see? i will talk to the girl for a moment. when i say to take her, take her. she will want to stay. i will only speak to her for a moment.""clearly, there is not much time," pablo said. "i am sorry you have this, ingles.""slit the trouser, please," he said to pilar. maria crouched by him and did not speak. her face was twisted as a child's contorts before it cries. but she was not crying.pilar took her knife and slit his left trouser leg. ten inches below the hip joint there was a pointed, purple swelling like a little tent and as he touched it with his fingers he could feel the snapped-off thigh bone tight against the skin. his leg was lying at an odd angle. he looked up at pilar."anda," he said to her. "go."she went away without saying anything nor looking back and robert jordan could see her shoulders shaking."guapa," he said to maria and took hold of her hands. "listen. we will not be going to madrid-"then she started to cry."no, don't," he said. "we will not go to madrid now but i will always go with you where you go. as long as there is one of us there is both of us. understand?""no, i stay with you.""no, rabbit. what i do now i do alone. i could not do it well with you. if you go then i go with you. it is in that way that i go too.""but it is easier if i stay with you," she said. "it is worse for me to go.""surely," he said. "it is harder for you. but i am you also now."he looked at her and he was sweating heavily."now you will go for us both," he said. "you must not be selfish, rabbit. you must do your duty now. you are me now.""no," she said and held him tight around the neck.he now spoke calmly and reasonably but with great authority."stand up," he said. "you are all there will be of me. stand up."she stood up slowly, crying. pilar was holding her by the arm."vamonos," pilar said. "you do not need anything, ingles?""no," he said and went on talking to maria."there is no good-by, because we are not apart," he spoke calmly as pilar walked the girl along."get her in the saddle," he said to pilar. "now go."she started to look around. "don't look around," robert jordan said. "go." they were all out of sight. he felt empty and drained and exhausted from all of it and from them going and his mouth tasted of bile. now, finally and at last, there was no problem.pilar will take care of her as well as anyone can. it does no good to think about maria. try to believe what you told her.he looked down the hill slope and thought, i hate to leave it, is all. i hate to leave it very much and i hope i have done some good in it.i wish they would come now, he said, because the leg is starting to hurt now. it must be the swelling. oh, let them come, he said. i don't want to do that business that my father did. i will do it all right but i'd much prefer not to have to. i'm against that.i can't wait any longer now, he said. if i wait any longer i'll pass out. it would be all right to do it now.and if you wait and hold them up even a little while or just get the officer that may make all the difference.all right, he said. he lay very quietly and tried to hold on to himself that he felt slipping away. let me last until they come, he said quietly.as the officer came trotting now on the trail he would pass twenty yards below where robert jordan lay. at that distance there would be no problem. the officer was lieutenant berrendo. robert jordan lay behind the tree. he was waiting until the officer reached the sunlit place. he could feel his heart beating against the pine-needle floor of the forest.