"maria," he said, and shook the girl's shoulder to waken her. "stay under the robe," and he buttoned his shirt with one hand and held the automatic pistol in the other. then he saw the horseman coming through the trees. the horseman was almost opposite him now. he was riding a big gray horse and he had a young, hard face. he saw robert jordan and reached his hand down toward his scabbard. aiming at the center of his chest, robert jordan fired. the pistol roared in the snowy woods. the horse fell and the young man slid over toward the ground, his right foot caught in the stirrup.people were coming out of the cave. robert jordan unrolled his trousers and began to put them on."get dressed," he said to maria.overhead he heard the noise of a plane flying very high."go catch that horse," he called to primitivo. then, "who was on guard at the top?""rafael," pilar said from the cave. she stood there, her hair still down her back in two braids."there's cavalry out," robert jordan said. "get your gun up there."he heard pilar call, "agustin," into the cave. two men came running out, one with the automatic rifle on his shoulder and the other with the pans.he looked through the trees to where primitivo was twisting the rider's foot out of the stirrup. the body lay face down in the snow and primitivo was going through the pockets.they were all out of the cave now, standing there with the carbines and with grenades on their belts. robert jordan went into the cave, found his two packs and opened the one with the machine gun in it. he locked the pack and started for the door."andres, get the horses ready. if you hear firing bring them up to the woods behind the gap. come with your arms and leave the women to hold the horses. fernando, make sure that my sacks are brought.""maria and i will prepare all for leaving," pilar said.pablo rode ahead and the two men followed one behind the other in order not to leave tracks in the snow.robert jordan looked back and saw maria standing with pilar. then she came running up the trail."can i go with you?""no. help pilar."she was walking behind him and put her hand on his arm."i'm coming.""no," he said. "but take good care of your wedding shirt.""kiss me," she said, "if you go.""you are shameless," he said."yes," she said. "totally."he looked at her and smiled through his thinking."when you hear firing," he said, "come with the horses. help pilar with my sacks."he looked back and saw her standing there in the first morning light. she turned and walked back down the trail, her head down."cut some pine branches," robert jordan said to primitivo. "i do not like the gun there," he said to agustin."why?""place it over there," robert jordan pointed, "and later i will tell you."he looked out across the narrow opening, noting the height of the rocks on either side."the gun must be farther out. good. put the stones there. leave room for the muzzle to swing."robert jordan watched pablo riding down the slope and disappearing in the trees. i hope he doesn't run into cavalry, robert jordan thought.primitivo brought the pine branches and robert jordan put them through the snow into the earth, so that they covered the gun from either side.if we can get through today without fighting we can manage the whole operation tomorrow with what we have. i know we can. if we don't have to fight today. god help us if we have to fight today.two crows circled overhead and then settled in a pine tree below. another crow joined them and robert jordan thought: those are my sentinels. as long as those are quiet there is no one coming through the trees.agustin and primitivo came up with the branches and robert jordan built a good blind that would conceal the gun from the air and would look natural from the forest."do not fire if you see anyone from there," robert jordan said. "roll a small rock down as a warning, and signal to us with your rifle, so," he lifted the rifle and held it over his head as though guarding it. "thus for numbers," he lifted the rifle up and down. "if they are on foot point the rifle muzzle at the ground. do not fire from there until you hear the gunfire. shoot at a man's knees when you shoot from that height. if you hear me whistle come to these rocks where the gun is.""i understand," primitivo said and climbed up into the high rocks with his carbine. robert jordan explained to agustin about the gun.all this time he had been watching the crows. now one bird cawed and flew up. but the other crow still stayed in the tree."i have a massacre for you tomorrow morning," robert jordan said. "it is necessary to exterminate the post at the sawmill.""i am ready," agustin said."also the post at the hut below the bridge.""both?" agustin asked."not both. they will be done at the same time," robert jordan said."then for either one," agustin said. "i have wished for action in this war."then he heard the first sounds of a plane coming."they cannot see us," he said to agustin. "but it is well to keep down."as robert jordan looked, he saw the crow fly up. he flew away through the trees without cawing.robert jordan was looking ahead across the open space toward the forest. he saw nothing and heard nothing but he could feel his heart beating and then he heard the clack of stone on stone and the clicks of a small rock falling. he saw primitive's rifle raised and lowered four times horizontally."cavalry," he said softly to agustin.robert jordan watched them. finally the four of them trotted into the forest where pablo's trail led."we would have killed all four," agustin said quietly."yes," robert jordan whispered. "but with the firing who knows what might have come?"just then he heard the noise of another rock falling and he looked up to where primitivo was raising and lowering his rifle in what seemed an infinity of quick movements. pablo has forty-five minutes' start, robert jordan thought, and then he heard the noise of cavalry coming. there were twenty men on horseback, armed and uniformed, and they went into the forest."there were many," agustin said."we would have had to deal with them if we had destroyed the others," robert jordan said softly. there was a hollow feeling in his chest."what do you think of their chance of catching pablo?" robert jordan asked agustin."pablo is very smart," agustin said."is he as smart as they say?""he is much smarter. if he were not smart he would have died last night. in politics and in guerilla warfare the first thing is to continue to exist. look how he continued to exist last night."robert jordan knew how smart pablo was. it was pablo who had seen instantly all that was wrong with the orders for the destruction of the bridge. so now he dropped the matter and said to anselmo, who had joined them, "well, what about going into la granja in daylight?""it is not bad," the old man said."how will you go?""above and down through the forest.""but if they catch you.""i have papers.""so have we all but you must eat the wrong ones quickly."anselmo tapped the breast pocket of his smock."how many times have i contemplated that," he said."in my left breast pocket i carry our papers. in my right the fascist papers," robert jordan said.now the morning was late may, the sky was high and clear and the wind blew warm on robert jordan's shoulders. the snow was clearing and they were eating breakfast. there were two big sandwiches of meat and cheese each. as they spoke robert jordan heard something. it was a noise far off that came above the sound of the warm wind in the trees. it came again. it was the precise, crackling sound of automatic rifle fire. robert jordan looked up at primitivo his face looking toward them, his hand near to his ear. as he looked primitivo pointed up the mountain toward the highest country."they are fighting at el sordo's," robert jordan said."then let us go to help them," agustin said."no," robert jordan said. "we stay here. anselmo, you stay there with agustin with the gun. he must not fire unless cavalry is actually entering. if they merely present themselves he must leave them alone as we did before. if he must fire, hold the legs of the tripod for him and hand him the pans when they are empty."robert jordan climbed up, over and around the boulders. then he stood beside primitivo who said, "they are attacking sordo. what must we do?""nothing," robert jordan said."we have to help them," primitivo said."it is impossible," robert jordan told him. "i have expected this all morning.""how?""they went to steal horses last night. the snow stopped and they tracked them up there.""but we have to help them. those are our comrades," primitivo said.robert jordan put his hand on the other man's shoulder."we can do nothing," he said. they heard the noise of hand grenades and automatic rifle fire."they are lost," robert jordan said. "if we go there we are lost, too. it would be useless. here comes the woman."pilar was climbing up to them and breathing heavily from the climb."how does the combat seem?" she asked."very bad.""can we do anything for el sordo?""nothing.""pobre." she said. "i was fond of sordo. are you sure?""yes. i have seen much cavalry."just then robert jordan heard the plane high overhead. he looked up and in the high sky it looked like the same observation plane that he had seen earlier in the morning. now it was moving in the direction of where el sordo was being attacked.