it was warm and smoky inside. there was a table along one wall with a candle stuck in a bottle on it and at the table were seated pablo, three men he did not know, and the gypsy, rafael. the woman of pablo was standing by the fire in the corner of the cave. the girl knelt by her, stirring in an iron pot. "what do you carry?" pablo asked."my things," robert jordan said and set the two packs down."i do not like to have dynamite here in the cave," pablo said."it is far from the fire," robert jordan said.anselmo brought him a stool and he sat down at the table."how goes it, gypsy?" he said to rafael."good," the gypsy said. robert jordan could tell they had been talking about him when he came in."is there wine?" robert jordan asked."there is little left," pablo said sullenly. robert jordan decided he had better look at the other three and try to see where he stood."in that case, let me have a cup of water." he called to the girl, "bring me a cup of water."she went to a kettle containing water and dipped a cup full and put it down before him. robert jordan smiled at her. he reached his hand down toward his hip pocket where the pistol was and pablo watched him."what we should do now is another train," pablo said."we can do that," robert jordan said. "after the bridge."when he said the word "bridge" everyone was quiet."after the bridge," he said again deliberately."i do not go for the bridge," pablo said.robert jordan smiled and said, "then we shall do it alone.""without this coward," anselmo said."what did you say?" pablo said to the old man."nothing for you. i did not speak to you," anselmo told him.robert jordan now looked at the wife of pablo who was standing by the fire. she had said nothing yet. but now she said something to the girl and the girl went out of the cave. i think it is going to come now, robert jordan thought. i believe this is it."then we will do the bridge without your aid," robert jordan said to pablo."no," pablo said, and robert jordan watched his face sweat. "you will blow no bridge here.""and you?" robert jordan spoke to the wife of pablo."i am for the bridge." her face was lit by the fire and it was flushed and handsome now in the firelight."what do you say?" pablo said to her."i am for the bridge and against you," she said.all the others agreed with her. robert jordan watched pablo and let his right hand hang lower and lower, ready if it should be necessary, half hoping it would be. he saw the wife of pablo blush proudly as the allegiances were given."i am for the republic," she said happily. "and the republic is the bridge. afterwards we will have time for other projects.""and it means nothing to you to be hunted then like a beast after this thing from which we derive no profit? nor to die in it?""nothing," the woman of pablo said. "and do not try to frighten me, coward.""coward," pablo said bitterly. "you treat a man as a coward because he has a tactical sense. because he can see the results of an idiocy in advance. it is not cowardly to know what is foolish. am i the only one who sees the seriousness of this?"i believe so, old pablo, robert jordan thought. except me. you can see it and i see it and the woman reads it in my hand but she doesn't see it, yet."am i a leader for nothing?" pablo asked. "this foreigner comes here to do a thing for the good of the foreigners. for his good we must be sacrificed. i am for the good and the safety of all.""safety," the wife of pablo said. "there is no such thing as safety. in seeking safety now you lose all.""there is safety," pablo said. "within the danger there is the safety of knowing what chances to take.""here no one commands but me. haven't you heard la gente? here i command!""i should shoot you and the foreigner," pablo said sullenly.i don't think he is going to take this much more, robert jordan thought. he held the cup in one hand and his other hand now rested on the pistol.pablo looked at robert jordan and then at his mujer. "all right. you command," he said. "and if you want he can command too. and the two of you can go to hell.""maria, enter now and serve the supper," the woman of pablo called. the girl came in and picked up the bowls and brought them to the table."well, did you see the bridge?" the gypsy asked."yes," robert jordan said. "it is easy to do." he took out the notebook and showed them the sketches and explained how it would be blown up. everyone was listening. only pablo took no interest, sitting by himself with a cup of wine."have you done much of this?" the girl asked robert jordan softly."yes.""and can we see the doing of it?""yes. why not?""you will see it," pablo said from his end of the table."shut up," the woman of pablo said to him and suddenly remembering what she had seen in the hand in the afternoon she was wildly, unreasonably angry. "shut up, coward. shut up, bad luck bird.""i shut up. it is you who commands now. but remember that i am not stupid."the woman of pablo could feel her anger changing to sorrow and to a feeling of hopelessness. she knew this feeling from when she was a girl and it came now suddenly and she put it away from her and would not let it touch neither her nor the republic. "now we will eat. serve the bowls from the pot, maria," she said.robert jordan pushed aside the blanket that hung over the mouth of the cave and, stepping out, took a deep breath of the cold night air. the gypsy stepped out of the cave too and said softly, "roberto.""yes, rafael," he said."why did you not kill pablo?""why kill him?""you have to kill him sooner or later. why did you not approve of the moment? what do you think they all waited for? do you believe it is possible to continue after what has been said?""i thought it might molest the others or the woman.""kill him now," the gypsy urged."i cannot in that way. it is repugnant to me and it is not how one should act for the cause.""provoke him then," the gypsy said. "but you have to kill him. there is no remedy."robert jordan walked away through the pines, feeling his way from tree to tree.i am tired, he thought, and perhaps my judgment is not good. but my obligation is the bridge and to fulfill that i must take no useless risk of myself until i complete that duty. if it is true, as the gypsy says, that they expected me to kill pablo then i should have done that. but it was never clear to me. while i trust the woman absolutely, i could not tell how she would react to such a drastic thing. as his eyes became used to the starlight he could see that pablo was talking to one of the horses, and he decided that it was not a practical move to kill him at this time.robert jordan returned to the cave."it is strange that el sordo has not come," the woman said. "he should have been here an hour ago. if he does not come we must go to see him tomorrow.""may i go too, pilar?" maria asked."yes, beautiful," the woman said, then turning her big face, "isn't she pretty?" she asked robert jordan. "how does she seem to you? a little thin?""to me she seems very well," robert jordan said. maria filled his cup with wine. "drink that," she said. "it will make me seem even better.""then i had better stop," robert jordan said. "already you seem beautiful and more."pilar looked at him and asked, "are you a communist?""no, i am an anti-fascist.""for a long time?""since i have understood fascism.""how long is that?""for nearly ten years.""that is not much time," the woman said. "i have been a republican for twenty years.""my father was a republican all his life," maria said. "it was for that they shot him.""my father was also a republican all his life. also my grandfather," robert jordan said."in what country?""the united states.""did they shoot them?" the woman asked."the united states is a country of republicans," maria said. "they don't shoot you for being a republican there.""listen, american. where do you plan to sleep?" pilar asked."outside. i have a sleeping robe.""good, then sleep outside. and your materials can sleep with me.""leave us for a moment," robert jordan said to the girl and put his hand on her shoulder."why?""i wish to speak to pilar.""what is it?" the woman of pablo said when the girl had gone out."the gypsy said i should have-" he began."no," the woman interrupted. "he is mistaken.""if it is necessary that i-" robert jordan said quietly but with difficulty. "you would have done it, i believe," the woman said. "no, it is not necessary. your judgment was good." then she called the girl.the girl came in and robert jordan reached his hand out and patted her head. she stroked under his hand like a kitten."you would do well to go to bed now," the woman said to robert jordan. "i will get my things," he said.