"hola," said the seated man. "what is this that comes?""the old man and a dynamiter," pablo told him and lowered the pack inside the entrance to the cave."don't leave it so close to the cave," said a man who had blue eyes in a dark, good-looking lazy gypsy face. "there's a fire in there.""he's rafael, a gypsy," anselmo said. "gypsies talk much and kill little." the gypsy smiled at robert jordan.anselmo said, "i'm going to get some wine."robert jordan lifted the sacks from the cave entrance and leaned them, one on each side of a tree trunk. he knew what was in them and never liked to see them close together."here is the wine." anselmo said. it was good, light and clean on the tongue. "the food comes soon," pablo said.a girl came out of the cave carrying a big iron cooking platter and robert jordan saw her face and the strange thing about her.she smiled and said, "hola, comrade," and robert jordan said, "salud." she set down the flat iron platter with meat in front of him and he noticed her handsome brown hands. now she looked him full in the face and smiled. her teeth were white in her brown face and her skin and her eyes were the same golden tawny brown. she had high cheekbones, happy eyes and a straight mouth with full lips. her hair was golden but it was cut short all over her head. she smiled in robert jordan's face and put her brown hand up and ran it over her head, flattening the hair which rose again as her hand passed. she has a beautiful face, robert jordan thought. she'd be beautiful if they hadn't cropped her hair."that is the way i comb it," she said and laughed. "go ahead and eat. they gave me this haircut in valladolid."she sat down opposite him. she had long legs, and he could see the shape of her small breasts under the gray shirt. every time robert jordan looked at her he could feel a thickness in his throat."how are you called?" he asked."maria. and you?""roberto. have you been long in the mountains?""three months." she passed her hand over her hair in embarrassment. "it was shaved," she said. "they shaved it regularly in the prison at valladolid. i was on the train. they were taking me to the south. many of the prisoners were caught after the train was blown up but i was not.""i found her hidden in the rocks," the gypsy said. "we took her with us.""you have a very beautiful face," he said to maria. "i wish i would have had the luck to see you before your hair was cut.""it will grow out," she said. "in six months it will be long enough."robert jordan turned to anselmo and asked, "how many are you?""we are seven and there are two women.""two?""yes. the mujer of pablo.""and she?""in the cave. the girl can cook a little, but mostly she helps the mujer of pablo.""and how is the mujer of pablo?""something barbarous," the gypsy grinned. "if you think pablo is ugly you should see his woman. but brave. a hundred times braver than pablo.""pablo was brave in the beginning," anselmo said. "pablo was something serious in the beginning. now he is very much afraid to die."robert jordan lay back on the floor of the forest and looked at the high spanish sky."can you read in the palm of the hand?" the gypsy asked."no," robert jordan said. "but if you can i wish you would read in the palm of my hand and tell me what is going to pass in the next three days.""the mujer of pablo reads in the hands," the gypsy said. "but she is so irritable that i do not know if she will do it.""let us see the mujer of pablo now," he said."she has gypsy blood," rafael said. "she knows of what she speaks. but she has a tongue that bites like a whip.""how does she get on with the girl, maria?" robert jordan asked. "good. she likes the girl. she takes good care of her," anselmo said."when we picked the girl up at the time of the train she was very strange," rafael said. "she would not speak and she cried all the time.""it must have been very hard at the train," anselmo said. "i was not there. there was the band of pablo and the band of el sordo, whom we will see tonight.""it was the only good thing we have done," said a deep voice.robert jordan saw a woman of about fifty almost as big as pablo, almost as wide as she was tall, in a black peasant skirt with heavy wool socks on heavy legs, black rope-soled shoes and a brown face like a model for a granite monument. she had big but nice-looking hands and her thick curly black hair was twisted into a knot on her neck."hola," she said to robert jordan and put out her hand and smiled. "how are you and how is everything in the republic?""good," he said and returned her strong handshake."i am happy," she told him. she was looking into his face and smiling and he noticed she had fine gray eyes. "do you come for us to do another train?""no," said robert jordan, trusting her instantly. "for a bridge. we have to do this bridge.""where is it?""quite close.""all the better," she said. "let us blow all the bridges and get out. i am sick of this place."she saw pablo through the trees."borracho!" she called to him. "rotten drunkard! he drinks all the time. this life is ruining him. young man, i am very glad that you have come. we will understand each other. be very good and careful with the girl, maria. she has had a bad time. do you understand?""yes. why do you say this?""i saw her watching you. she was in a very bad state. now she is better, she ought to get out of here. pablo likes her too much. it is another thing which destroys him. it is best that she goes away now.""we can take her after this is over. if we are alive after the bridge, we will take her.""that manner of speaking never brings luck. let me see your hand," the woman said.robert jordan put his hand out and the woman opened it, held it in her own big hand, rubbed her thumb over it and looked at it, carefully, then dropped it. she stood up. he got up too and she looked at him without smiling."what did you see in it?" he asked her. "i don't believe in it. you won't scare me.""nothing," she told him. "i saw nothing in it.""yes you did. i am only curious. i do not believe in such things.""in what do you believe?""in my work.""yes, i saw that.""tell me what else you saw.""i saw nothing else," she said bitterly. "the bridge is very difficult you said?""no. i said it is very important. and now i am going down to look at it.how many men have you here?""five that are any good. the gypsy is worthless although his intentions are good. pablo i no longer trust.""how many men has el sordo that are good?""perhaps eight. he comes every night. he is a neighbor and a friend. go now to your bridge," she said.robert jordan and anselmo came down moving carefully from tree to tree in the shadows and the bridge was only fifty yards away. the sun was in robert jordan's eyes and the bridge showed only in outline. then the sun lessened and was gone. he was watching the bridge again in the little light that was left and studied its construction. its demolition was not difficult. he took out a notebook and made several quick line sketches. he was noting the points where the explosive should be placed in order to cut the support of the bridge and drop a section into the narrow valley. it could be done scientifically and correctly with a half dozen charges set to explode simultaneously; or it could be done roughly with two big ones. he was glad to have the problem under his hand at last.as robert jordan lay flat behind the pine trunk, anselmo pointed with one finger.in the sentry box the sentry was sitting holding his rifle between his knees. the sentry had a peasant's face. anselmo looked at the sentry as robert jordan smiled at him and pointing with one finger, drew the other across his throat. robert jordan nodded but he did not smile."you have killed?" robert jordan asked."yes. several times. but not with pleasure. to me it is a sin to kill a man. even fascists whom we must kill.""yet you have killed.""yes. and will again. but if i live later, i will try to live in such a way, doing no harm to any one, that it will be forgiven.""by whom?""who knows? since we do not have god here anymore, who forgives, i do not know.""you don't have god anymore?""no. certainly not. if there were god, he would never have permitted what i have seen with my eyes. let them have god.""they demand him.""clearly i miss him, having been brought up in religion. but now a man must be responsible to himself.""then you will forgive yourself for killing.""i believe so," anselmo said. "but with or without god, i think it is a sin to kill. i will do it whenever necessary but i am not of the race of pablo."as they came through the rocks in the dark, a man spoke to them, "halt. who goes?" asked the voice of a man in the dark."comrades of pablo," the old man told him."how are you called?" robert jordan asked the man in the dark."agustin," the man said and coming close put his hand on robert jordan's shoulder. "tell me, is it true about the bridge?""what about the bridge?""that we blow up a bridge and then have to get ourselves out of these mountains?""i don't know.""you don't know," agustin said. "whose then is the dynamite?""mine. i know what it is for and so will you in time," robert jordan said. "but now we go to the camp.""go to the unprintable," agustin said, "but guard well your explosive.""we go to camp now. come on," robert jordan said to anselmo."agustin is a very serious man," anselmo said. "i have much confidence in him and what he says."