"is that the mill?" he asked."yes."he spread out the military map and looked at it carefully. the old man looked over his shoulder. he was a short and solid old man in a black peasant's smock and gray trousers and he wore rope-soled shoes. he was breathing heavily from the climb and his hand rested on one of the two heavy packs they had been carrying."then you cannot see the bridge from here.""no," the old man said.the young man took his binoculars from the pocket of his khaki flannel shirt and looked at the mill."there is no sentry.""there is smoke coming from the millhouse," the old man said. "i see it but i do not see any sentry.""perhaps he is in the shade," the old man explained. "it is hot there now.""probably. where is the next post?""below the bridge.""how many men are here?" he pointed at the mill."perhaps five.""and below?""more. i will find out.""and at the bridge?""always two. one at each end.""we will need a certain number of men," he said."do you wish to study it now?""no. now i wish to go to where we will hide this explosive until it is time.i would like to have it hidden in utmost security at a distance no greater than half an hour from the bridge, if that is possible.""that is simple," the old man said. "but now we must climb a little to get there. are you hungry?""yes," the young man said. "but we will eat later. how are you called? i have forgotten." it was a bad sign to him that he had forgotten."i am called anselmo," the old man said.the young man, who was tall and thin, with fair hair and a wind-and sunburned face, wore a flannel shirt, a pair of peasant's trousers and rope-soled shoes. he leaned over and put the heavy pack onto his shoulders."i'm ready," he said. "how do we go?""we climb," anselmo said.bending under the weight of the packs, sweating, they climbed steadily in the pine forest that covered the mountainside."wait here, roberto," said anselmo.robert jordan trusted anselmo so far, in everything except judgment. he had not yet had an opportunity to test his judgment, and, anyway, the judgment was his own responsibility. no, he did not worry about anselmo and the problem of the bridge was no more difficult than many other problems. he knew how to blow up any sort of bridge and he had blown them of all sizes and constructions. he must not worry. to worry was as bad as to be afraid. it simply made things more difficult.pushing himself up on his hands he saw the old man coming down the mountainside. with him was another man, also in a black peasant smock and the dark gray trousers that were almost a uniform in that province, wearing rope-soled shoes and with a carbine on his back. the two of them came down the rock like goats."salud, camarada," he said to the man with the carbine and smiled."salud," the other said. robert jordan looked at the man's round, beard-stubble face. he was a heavy man about five feet ten inches tall and his hands and feet were large. his nose had been broken and his mouth was cut at one corner and the line of the scar showed through the growth of beard over his face.the old man nodded his head at this man and smiled."he is the boss here," he said. "a very strong man.""i can see it," robert jordan said and smiled again. he did not like the look of this man and inside himself he was not smiling at all."what have you to justify your identity?" asked the man with the carbine.robert took a folded paper out of the left breast pocket of his shirt and handed it to the man, who opened it, looked at it doubtfully and turned it in his hands.so he cannot read, robert jordan noted."look at the seal," he said."yes, i have seen that seal before. what have you in the packs?""dynamite," the old man said proudly."i can use dynamite," said the man with the carbine. he handed back the paper to robert jordan and looked him over. "how much have you brought me?""i have brought you no dynamite," robert jordan said. "the dynamite is for another purpose. what is your name?""why?""he is pablo," said the old man. the man with the carbine looked at them both sullenly."i have heard many good things about you," said robert jordan. "i have heard that you are an excellent guerilla leader, that you are loyal to the republic and prove your loyalty through your acts, and that you are serious and valiant.""what are you going to do with the dynamite?""blow up a bridge.""what bridge?""that is my business.""if it is in this territory, it is my business.""this is my business," robert jordan said. "we can discuss it together.now let us go." there was a sadness in pablo that worried him, the sadness that comes before the sell-out.they began climbing and reached an open space in the forest.ahead of them horses whinnied in the forest. robert jordan knew he had to admire the horses."yes," he said. "they are beautiful." he turned to pablo. "you have your cavalry and all."there were five horses and now pablo was proud and less sad-looking, watching them lovingly."all these i have taken," pablo said and robert jordan was pleased to hear him speak proudly. "here i am with horses like these. and what can i look forward to? to be hunted and to die. nothing more. i am tired of being hunted. here we are all right. now if you blow up a bridge here, we will be hunted and they will find us. i am tired of all this. you hear?" he turned to robert jordan. "what right have you, a foreigner, to come and tell me what i must do?""i have not told you anything you must do," robert jordan said to him."you will though," pablo said."i come only for my duty," robert jordan told him. "i come under orders from those who are conducting the war. if i ask you to help me, you can refuse and i will find others who will help me. that i am a foreigner is not my fault.""to me, now, it is most important that we are not disturbed here," pablo said. "my duty is to those who are with me and to myself.""yes," anselmo said. "yourself and your horses. when you did not have the horses, you were with us. now you are another capitalist.""that is unjust," said pablo. "i expose the horses all the time for the cause.""very little," said anselmo scornfully. "to steal, yes. to eat well, yes. to murder, yes. to fight, no.""you are an old man who will make trouble for himself with his mouth.""i am an old man who is afraid of no one," anselmo told him."you are an old man who may not live long.""i am an old man who will live until i die," anselmo said.it is starting badly enough, robert jordan thought. but anselmo's a man. they are wonderful when they are good, he thought, and when they go bad there is no people that is worse. i don't like any of this.