"what will he do?" robert jordan asked."anything. he is capable of doing anything," the woman said. "kill him. i am for it now.""i was against it," agustin said. "now i am for it.""let all speak," pilar said and her voice was tired. "you, andres?""matailo," one brother said."eladio?""equally," the other brother said."primitivo?""equally.""fernando?""equally.""i am ready to do it. since you are all decided that it should be done, i will do it tonight," robert jordan said.he saw pilar looking at him, her fingers on her lips. she was looking toward the door.pablo entered and grinned at them all."you are speaking of me?" he addressed them all. "i am interrupting?"no one answered him and he walked over to the table. he picked up his cup and dipped it into the wine bowl."agustin," robert jordan said. "i wish to speak to you."robert jordan walked to the opening of the cave and agustin followed him"have you forgotten what is in the sacks?" robert jordan said, speaking so low that no one could hear."milk!" agustin said. "one becomes accustomed and one forgets.""i, too, forgot.""what fools we are." agustin swung back to the table and sat down. "have a drink, pablo, old boy," he said. "how were the horses?""very good," pablo said. "and it is snowing less.""do you think it will stop?""yes," pablo said. "the wind will blow but the snow is going.""do you think it will clear tomorrow?" robert jordan asked him."yes," pablo said. "i believe it will be cold and clear. this wind is changing direction."look at him, robert jordan thought. now he is friendly. he has the face and the body of a pig and i know he is many times a murderer and yet has the sensitivity of a good aneroid. he pushes his hatred with insults to the point where you are ready to do away with him and when he sees that this point has been reached he drops it and starts all new and clean again."we will have good weather for it," pablo said to robert jordan."we," pilar said. "we?""yes, we," pablo grinned at her and drank some wine. "why not? i thought it over while i was outside. why should we not agree?""in what?" the woman asked."in all," pablo said to her. "in this of the bridge. with the change of the weather i am with you. before i was drunk, and now i am not drunk. i have changed my mind.""let the others trust you. i do not," agustin said."trust me or not, there is no one who can take you to gredos as i can," pablo said."gredos?""it is the only place to go after this of the bridge."robert jordan, looking at pilar, raised his hand on the side away frompablo and tapped his right ear questioningly.the woman nodded. she said something to maria and the girl came over to robert jordan's side."she says, 'of course he heard,'" maria said in robert jordan's ear.it is like a merry-go-round, robert jordan thought. it has been around twice now. it is a vast wheel, set at an angle, and each time it goes around and then is back to where it starts.robert jordan was sitting at the table with his notebook figuring all the technical part of the bridge-blowing. he drew three sketches, figured his formulas, marked the method of blowing with two drawings as clearly as a kindergarten project so that anselmo could complete it in case anything should happen to himself during the process of the demolition.now he had finished the demolition project and he took a new page of the notebook and started to write out the operation orders. he was thinking clearly and well on these and what he wrote pleased him.i think that is all, he said to himself. it is perfectly clear and i do not think there are any holes in it. he shut the notebook and looked up at maria. "did you make anything out of all that?""no, roberto," the girl said and put her hand on his. "have you finished?""yes. now it is all written out and ordered." he sat back and started thinking."what do you do sitting there?" maria asked him."nothing," he said. "i'm thinking.""about the bridge?""no. the bridge is terminated. of you and of a hotel in madrid where i know some russians, and of a book i will write some time.""are there many russians in madrid?""no. very few.""do you like the russians? the one who was here was a russian," maria said."he was a good friend and comrade of mine," robert jordan said. "i cared for him very much.""sure," pilar said. "but you shot him."the card players looked up from the table and the gypsy asked, "is it true, roberto?""yes," he said. "at his request. he was badly wounded.""all the time he was with us he talked of such a possibility. what a rare thing," the gypsy said."you are a professor and all. do you believe in the possibility of a man seeing ahead what is to happen to him?" andres said."i believe he cannot see it," robert jordan said. "that is ignorance and superstition. i believe that fear produces evil visions. i do not believe in the supernatural things.""but your russian comrade saw his fate clearly," the gypsy said. "and that was how it happened.""he did not see it," robert jordan said."you are a miracle of deafness," pilar said. "it is not that you are stupid. you are simply deaf. one who is deaf cannot hear the radio. so he might say, never having heard it, that such a thing does not exist. i saw the death of your russian comrade in his face as though it were burned there with a branding iron. and what is more he smelt of death.""he smelt of death," robert jordan jeered. "of fear maybe. there is a smell to fear.""de la muerte," pilar said."pablo, do you believe this?""i do not know," pablo said. "i am more of your opinion. no supernatural thing has ever happened to me. but fear, yes certainly. plenty. but i believe that pilar can read events from the hand. if she does not lie perhaps it is true that she has smelt such a thing.""what she says is true, ingles," the gypsy said. "it is a well-known thing among us.""i believe nothing of it," robert jordan said."i am against all such wizardry. but pilar has the fame of being very advanced in such things," anselmo said.robert jordan went to the mouth of the cave, lifted the blanket and looked out. it was clear and cold in the night outside and no snow was falling. the air came into his lungs sharp and cold as he breathed.he dropped the blanket and came back into the cave. "it is clear," he said. "the storm is over."now in the night he lay and waited for the girl to come to him.the night was clear and his head felt as clear and cold as the air. he smelled the odor of the pine branches under him and the sharper odor of the resinous sap from the cut limbs. pilar, he thought. pilar and the smell of death. this is the smell i love.i suppose she won't come until they are all asleep, he thought. the night is half gone. oh, maria. come now quickly, maria, for there is little time. suddenly he felt a panic that she might not come.then he saw her coming. she came running, carrying something in her hands. then she was kneeling by the robe, slapping snow from her feet. she kissed him and handed him her bundle."put it with your pillow," she said. "i took these off there to save time.""you came barefoot through the snow?""yes," she said, "and wearing only my wedding shirt."he held her close and tight in his arms and she rubbed her head against his chin."avoid the feet," she said. "they are very cold, roberto.""put them here and warm them.""no," she said. "they will warm quickly. but now say that you love me.""i love you.""good. good. good.""i love you, little rabbit.""do you love my wedding shirt?""it is the same one as always.""yes. as last night. it is my wedding shirt.""take off your wedding shirt, if you won't be cold.""cold? i am on fire.""i, too. but afterwards you won't be cold?""no. afterwards we will be as one animal of the forest and be so close that neither one can tell that one of us is one and not the other. can you not feel my heart be your heart?""yes. there is no difference."during the night he woke and held her tight as though she were all of life and it was being taken from him. but she was sleeping well and peacefully and she did not wake. so he rolled onto his side and lay there in the night thinking.