"oh, it is you," he said and pulled her down. with his arms around her he could feel her shivering."get in," he said softly. "it is cold out there. get in, little rabbit." he kissed her on the back of the neck."i am afraid.""no. do not be afraid. get in.""no, i must not. i am ashamed and frightened.""no. my rabbit. please.""i must not. if you do not love me.""i love you.""oh, i love you. put your hand on my head," she said, her face in the pillow. he put his hand on her head and stroked it and then suddenly her face was away from the pillow and she was in his arms and her face was against his and she was crying."i cannot kiss," she said. "i do not know how.""there is no need to kiss.""yes. i must kiss. i must do everything. i want to be your woman.""have you loved others?""never."then suddenly, going dead in his arms, "but things were done to me.""by whom?""by various."now she lay perfectly quietly and as though her body were dead and turned her head away from him."now you will not love me.""i love you, maria," he said."no. it is not true," she said. then pitifully and hopefully she said, "but i have never kissed any man.""then kiss me now."but i do not know how. where things were done to me i fought until i could not see and then they tied my mouth and held my arms behind my head - and others did things to me.""i love you, and no one has done anything to you.""you believe that?""i know it."she kissed him on the cheek."where do the noses go? i always wondered where the noses would go.""look, turn your head," and then their mouths were tight together and he was happier than he had ever been. they lay there and he felt her heart beating against his."maria, listen. do you-?""do i what?""do you wish?""yes. everything. please. and if we do everything together, the other maybe never will have been. pilar told me.""she is very wise.""the other thing she told me long ago, soon after the train. she said that nothing is done to oneself that one does not accept and that if i love someone it would take it all away.""what she said is true.""and i can be your woman?""yes, my little rabbit."she held herself tight to him and her lips looked for his and then found them."and now let us do quickly what it is we do so that the other is all gone.""you want?""yes," she said almost fiercely. "yes. yes. yes."it was cold in the night and robert jordan slept heavily. once he woke and realized that the girl was there, curled far down in the robe, breathing lightly and regularly. he kissed her smooth shoulder. he woke at first daylight and the girl was gone. then he fell asleep again. he slept until the sound of airplane motors woke him. lying on his back, he saw them, a fascist patrol of three fiats, small, bright, fast-moving across the sky.pablo and the gypsy were standing at the cave mouth watching the sky and as robert jordan lay still, the sky was now full of the loud noise of motors.robert jordan unrolled the clothing that made his pillow and put on his shirt and trousers as three more of the heinkel bombers came over. he moved quickly along the rocks to the mouth of the cave where pablo, the gypsy, anselmo, the woman and others stood looking out."have there been planes like this before?" he asked."never," said pablo. "get in. they will see you."this is really bad, robert jordan thought. here is a concentration of planes which means something very bad.anselmo came out of the cave mouth and they walked a little way."i want you to go and watch the road. make a note of everything that passes both up and down the road.""i do not write.""there is no need to," robert jordan took out two leaves from his notebook and with his knife cut an inch from the end of his pencil. "take this and make a mark for tanks like this," he drew a tank, "and then a mark for each one and when there are four, cross the four strokes for the fifth.""we count like this too.""good. make another mark, two wheels and a box, for trucks. if they are empty make a circle. if they are full of troops make a straight mark. mark for guns. mark for cars. mark for ambulances. you understand?""yes. it is clear.""take the gypsy with you so that he will know where you are. stay until someone else comes.""i understand.""good. when you come back i should know everything that moved upon the road."they walked over toward the cave. the woman of pablo poured him a bowl of coffee with condensed milk."what movement was there on the road last night, fernando?" robert jordan asked. maria was close to him but he did not look at her."nothing," fernando said. "a few camions as usual. no movement of troops while i was there."after a while fernando said, "oh, yes. it seems that the republic is preparing an offensive.""that what?""that the republic is preparing an offensive.""where?""it is not certain. perhaps here, or in another part of the sierra.""they say this in la granja?""yes. i had forgotten.""what else did you hear?" robert jordan asked."oh, yes. there was some talk that the republicans would try to blow up the bridges.""are you joking?" robert jordan said."no, hombre," said fernando."this one doesn't joke," the woman said."you don't remember anything more?""no," fernando said with dignity.robert jordan turned to anselmo and the gypsy and said, "now go, if you have eaten."the first sound of the planes returned. they stood in the mouth of the cave and watched them. they move like mechanized doom, robert jordan thought.it was a clear, bright day. robert jordan looked at the big, brown-faced woman with her kind, widely set eyes. the woman, too, was looking at him. "did you make love?" the woman said."what did she say?""she would not tell me.""i neither.""then you made love," the woman said. "be as careful with her as you can.""what if she has a baby?""that will do no harm," the woman said. "that will do less harm.""this is no place for that.""she will not stay here. she will go with you.""i can't take a woman where i go.""who knows? you may take two.""that is no way to talk.""listen," the woman said. "i see things very clearly in the early morning and i think there are many that we know that are alive now who will never see another sunday.""what day is today?""sunday.""another sunday is very far," said robert jordan. "if we see wednesday we are all right. but i do not like to hear you talk like this.""everyone needs to talk to someone," the woman said. "before we had religion and other nonsense. now there should be someone to whom one can speak frankly, for all the valor that one could have one becomes very alone.""we are not alone. we are all together.""we are nothing against machines," said pilar. she was touched by sadness. robert jordan looked at her and said, "you are sad, why?""perhaps i am sad because of that failure of a man who has gone to look at his horses.""how did you come to be with him?"pilar told robert jordan about the first days of the movement when pablo was a man of valor."but now he is ruined. he is afraid to die. his own people have left him and i am in command. but my sadness does not affect my resolution. i believe firmly in the republic and i have faith in the cause.""i believe that," he said and went into the cave where maria was standing. "hello, little rabbit," he said and kissed her on the mouth. she embraced him.fernando, still sitting at the table, stood up, picked up his carbine and went out. agustin looked at pilar and said very seriously, "what do you think they are preparing?""look," pilar said. "from this boy coming for the bridges obviously the republic is preparing an offensive. from these planes obviously the fascists are preparing to meet it. but why show the planes?""in this war there are many foolish things," agustin said."clearly," said pilar. "otherwise we could not be here.""yes," said agustin. "we swim within the idiocy for a year now. but pablo is a man of much understanding. pablo is very clever. for the coward that he now is, he is very smart.""i, too, am smart.""no, pilar," agustin said. "you are not smart. you are brave, loyal. you have decision, intuition and heart. but you are not smart.""you believe that?" the woman asked thoughtfully."yes, pilar. in this moment we need to act with intelligence. after the bridge we must leave at once. we must know for where we are leaving and how. and for this we need pablo.""you are a man of intelligence.""intelligent, yes," agustin said. "but pablo has talent. to make war you need intelligence. but to win you need talent and material. we need pablo.""i will think it over," she said. "we must start now. we are late."