it is the day of gareth's funeral. it takes place in the town where gareth's parents live, a small and dirty town, full of factories. gareth didn't come from a rich family. it is raining and grey, and everyone looks very sad. it is a big contrast to the three wonderful weddings. matthew and gareth's family are driven to the church in a large black car. in front of them is the car with gareth's coffin.charles arrives at the church and sits down next to fiona, putting his arm around her. carrie is there too, quiet and white-faced at the back. the atmosphere is very different from the atmosphere at the weddings. everybody is wearing dark clothes and nobody is talking.'good morning,' the priest welcomes everybody 'welcome to you all, on this cold day. our service will begin in a few minutes, but first we've asked gareth's closest friend, matthew, to say a few words.'matthew steps forward and stands near the coffin. it has beautiful flowers on it.'gareth preferred funerals to weddings. "one day i shall probably have a funeral," he said, "but a wedding - never!"'people smile and begin to feel a little bit more comfortable.'i rang a few people and asked them about gareth. what did they think about him? what comes into their minds when they hear his name? well, a lot of people said, "fat." and a lot more said "terribly rude." so "very fat and very rude" was the way that strangers described gareth. but then some of you here rang me and said that you loved him. you remember visiting gareth, and how kind he was to his guests. you remember what an adventurous cook he was. fortunately, the secrets of some of his dishes, like duck with banana, are lost for ever! gareth really loved life. i hope you will remember him specially for that.'how do i remember him? i can't find the words - i'm sorry. so i've taken the words of that wonderful writer, w. h. auden. this is what i really want to say.' he reads from a book.he was my north, my south, my east and west,my working week and my sunday rest,my noon, my midnight, my talk, my songi thought that love would last for ever: i was wrong.after the service, people meet and talk outside. it was a very emotional funeral and everybody looks very sad. the car with gareth's coffin is driven away.charles finds carrie. 'it's good of you to come,' he says. 'but didn't it spoil your honeymoon?''oh, it doesn't matter,' says carrie. 'we'll do it another time. you know, that thing you said in the street...''yes, i'm sorry about that,' charles says quickly.'no, don't be sorry. i liked it. i'm glad that you said it.' she kisses him gently on the cheek, then walks away. he watches her.'would you like a walk, charlie?' asks tom.'yes - good idea.''i've never felt like that,' says tom. 'not like matthew. not that kind of love. well, i felt something for jilly when i was young -''jilly?' asks charles, surprised.'our family dog,' tom explains.'yes...' says charles. 'it's strange, isn't it, we've all been friends for years, and we never noticed that matthew and gareth were really married, in their own way.'they have reached the river, but it is not an attractive place - there are factories all along the banks. everything looks cold and gloomy. charles is holding an umbrella as it is still raining.'it's hardest for his parents,' says tom. 'i hope i die before my children.''you're very confident that you'll get married,' says charles. 'but should we get married at all, if we can't find the right person? we saw today at the service that there can be a perfect marriage. and if we can't be like gareth and matthew, perhaps we should just forget the idea. some of us won't get married at all.''i don't know, charlie,' says tom, thoughtfully. 'i don't hope for the perfect marriage. i'm not looking for thunder and lightning. i just want a nice, friendly girl who likes me too. then we'll get married and be happy. it worked for my parents - well, it did for years, until they separated...''then i give you six months at the most, tom,' replies charles. 'you won't have to wait any longer than that. it'll happen before then, you'll see. and maybe you're right. maybe waiting for true love is quite useless.'