you are invited to the wedding of hamish and carrie on september 28th, in the church at glenthrist castle, perthshire, scotlandit is already a cold, wet autumn in scotland by the time of hamish and carrie's wedding. the mountains and lakes look very beautiful but also very gloomy and grey. charles arrives late - as usual - and tries to change quickly out of the warm, heavy clothes that he put on for the journey. he takes off his pullover and puts on his wedding coat before he steps out of the car. the wedding is in the little church that belongs to hamish's castle.the door of the church makes a loud noise as charles opens it. 'sorry, sorry,' he whispers. everybody turns round to see who's there.the little church looks charming. the service has begun, and carrie is standing with hamish and the priest at the front. she looks lovely, too - serious, but beautiful. the priest asks hamish whether he will take carrie for his wife.'i do,' says hamish.he asks carrie whether she is willing to take hamish for her husband.'i do,' answers carrie.'damn, damn, damn it to hell!' whispers charles as violently as he dares. his last hope has disappeared.the reception is in the fine castle that hamish owns. as the guests walk there from the church they can hear special scottish music being played. when they arrive, they are welcomed by servants who are wearing formal scottish uniforms. among the guests, many of the men are wearing scottish-style clothes too and some of the ladies are also dressed in the scottish style. the bride, the groom and the family are standing in a line. the guests shake hands with them as they come in. carrie is standing at the end of the line, next to hamish. charles congratulates carrie.'you look beautiful,' he says as he shakes her hand.there is some lively scottish dancing in the middle of the room.'oh, great!' says gareth. 'it's like one of those films! it's so scottish that it can't possibly be true!'he joins in the dancing enthusiastically.'dear friends,' he says a little later, when his usual group of friends is standing together at the edge of the room. 'none of us is married. you know, i was always proud of that. not a wedding ring between us! but now, i'm getting older, and it's suddenly begun to make me sad. i'd like to go to the wedding of someone who i really love.''well, don't blame me!' says tom. 'i've asked everybody that i know to marry me!''you haven't asked me,' says scarlett, a little sadly.'haven't i?' asks tom in surprise.'no,' she shakes her head.'well, scarlett - would you like to marry me?''no thank you, tom. it was very nice of you to ask me.''well, any time you like,' says tom kindly.'good man, tom!' shouts gareth. 'now, why don't the rest of you do the same? go and find husbands and wives for yourselves! those are your orders for tonight. but first we'll all drink to "true love!'"'what about you, fi?' tom asks his sister. 'can you see a husband here?''oh, get lost, tom!' replies fiona.'true love!' they all raise their glasses.tom takes the idea seriously. he tries to talk to a pretty woman, 'a lot of people actually meet their husbands and wives at weddings. did you know that?''yes, i met my husband at a wedding,' she answers him.'oh. oh well,' says tom, and drinks the rest of his wine very quickly. 'look at that! my glass is empty. excuse me -'scarlett seems to be having better luck. the person she is talking to is probably the best-looking man at the wedding. and he's not wearing scottish clothes - he's american.'hello, my name's scarlett. like scarlett o'hara in gone with the wind but i'm much less trouble than she was! what's your name?''my name's rhett,' says the american.'no - from the same story? not really?''no, not really,' he smiles. 'my name's chester.''you're a joker!' scarlett laughs. 'when i meet americans, i always think that they're going to be boring. but of course, you're not boring, are you? you're lovely!'scarlett has to look up a long way when she talks to chester. he is very tall and she is short. it looks quite funny.charles is hiding from henrietta, but she soon finds him.'oh, hi, hen! sorry - i didn't come to talk to you because i really don't want an argument today. i'm sure that we've got lots to talk about, but not today, hen, not today!''did i behave badly, last time?' henrietta asks.'it was quite frightening,' says charles. 'like a murder film.'henrietta laughs - she is in a good mood. charles decides that he's safe with her today, and so he goes on talking to her.'oh, hen, i'm depressed,' says charles. 'what about you? how are you?''well, i'm quite happy actually,' she says. 'i've got a new boyfriend and my weight's down to almost nothing.''perhaps you were right, hen,' says charles. 'perhaps we should have got married. ''god, no!' says henrietta. 'i don't want to marry your friends too, specially fiona.''fiona loves you,' says charles.'fiona calls me duck-face,' says henrietta.'i've never heard that!' says charles.henrietta knows that he's lying. 'come to lunch sometime,' she says. 'give me a ring.' she gives him a gentle kiss on the cheek.as she walks away, fiona comes up to charles. 'how's duck- face?' she asks.'she's fine, actually,' says charles. 'not too mad at the moment.''ladies and gentleman,' says the best man. 'the bride and groom!'hamish and carrie dance together in the middle of the room. it's a formal scottish dance and everybody claps them. charles and fiona watch the happy couple with the other guests. fiona puts her hand on charles's shoulder and looks at him. she can see that he looks sad.'you like this girl, don't you charles?' asks fiona.'yes - it's a strange thing, this love business, when at last it happens... and now she's marrying another man,' answers charles. 'but what about you, fifi? have you met your future husband here?''no - and i won't - it's not like that. i've been in love with the same man for years.''have you?' charles asks in surprise. 'who's that?''you, charlie,' says fiona, very lightly. charles stops smiling. he looks shocked. fiona walks away and goes into a quieter room. charles follows her.'it was always you, ever since we first met,' says fiona. 'i knew that from the first moment i saw you. "across a crowded room" - you know what they say! but it doesn't matter. we can't do anything about it. that's life. and we're friends - "friends" isn't bad, you know. it's quite good, really.'charles is upset, and he feels her pain. a few months ago, he didn't know love, but now he knows how it feels. he is deeply sorry for her, and takes her hand.'oh, fi! it's not easy, is it?''no. but forget it - it can't happen between us, charlie.'just then, matthew comes in. fiona pretends that nothing has happened.'matthew dear!' she says brightly. 'where's gareth?''he's being rude to americans,' matthew answers.'how thoughtful of him!'gareth is dancing with an american woman. she looks surprised as he turns her round fast and jumps about quite violently. tom is dancing too, and looking hopefully at every girl in the room. he clearly hasn't found his future wife yet!when it's time for the speeches, gareth comes back over to his friends, very hot.'ladies and gentlemen, fill your glasses, please,' says the best man. 'unusually, the bride will make the first speech.''excellent,' says gareth. 'i love this girl!'he looks at charles - he knows about charles's feelings for carrie now.'thank you,' says carrie, as everybody claps her. 'and thank you to those people who've flown in from the united states. congratulations to the rest of you! you came here, even though you knew that all these terrible americans were coming too!'people laugh, and charles looks at carrie with love.'my dear dad should be the one to give this speech. but, sadly, he's not alive today. if he was here, i know what he would say: "lovely dress, girl! but why the hell are you marrying a man in a skirt?'"they laugh again, though hamish is not very pleased with this joke about scottish clothes.'my answer is,' carrie continues, '"because i love him." as john lennon said, "love is the answer. " and we all know that.'the guests clap loudly. charles can't believe that he has been so stupid. why did he let her go? if he hadn't been so slow he would have been the groom here today.'oh, one more thing!' says carrie. 'someone here said that if things didn't go well with hamish, he would be ready to take his place. well, thank you, and i'll let you know!'it is a very cheeky thing to say, but hamish laughs loudly. he begins to make his speech now, very confidently. hamish is not self-conscious. he has had years of practice in public speaking. suddenly there is a loud noise, a kind of crash, at the back.'oh dear - someone doesn't agree with me!' he jokes. 'no problem! i'm used to that!'but the crash was gareth, falling unconscious to the floor. charles, david and tom get to him quickly.'find a doctor,' says charles, urgently. while hamish is still speaking, a doctor is found among the wedding guests. he gives gareth a quick examination. then they carry him into a quieter room, and put him down gently on the ground. charles is on his knees, holding gareth's head. but it's too late. gareth is dead. then he decides that he must find matthew quickly among the crowd of guests.charles sees matthew and walks towards him. just before he reaches him, he stops - it's a hard moment. then he moves forward, takes matthew's arm and whispers to him. as he tells him about gareth they can hear the guests behind them begin to sing.