you are invited to the wedding of bernard and lydia at noon on august 1st at the church of st mary of the fields, cripplegate, london ec2it is three months later, and charles's alarm clock is once again ringing by his bed. charles stretches out his hand and turns it off. he goes back to sleep again. he likes to sleep until noon, whenever he can. scarlett is still asleep in her untidy bedroom. some time later, there is a loud shout from charles's room. he has woken up, at last.'oh hell!'he jumps out of bed, and runs in to scarlett, dressed only in his underclothes.'oh god!' says scarlett, when she looks at her clock.they run out of the house before they have finished putting on their formal wedding clothes. scarlett is trying to put on a silly pink dress with an enormous skirt, but she can't zip it up right. she is going to be a bridesmaid.'car or taxi?' she asks, still running.'taxi,' says charles. 'we won't be able to park the car.'they get to the corner of the street and start looking for a taxi. but there isn't one anywhere.'well, maybe the car is a better idea,' says charles.they rush down another street to find scarlett's car. but when they get there, it can't be moved. scarlett must have parked it in the wrong place and the wheels have been locked by the police.'damn!' they both shout at once.they will have to go on foot. they run as fast as they can.'the service will start before we get there,' charles thinks to himself.the skirts of scarlett's silly pink dress fly up in the wind and, as she runs, a piece of the dress falls off.charles is going to stop and pick it up, but scarlett says, 'leave it! nobody will notice!'they run all the way to the church, and as they get near, they can hear the bells ringing loudly. some of their friends are already there - fiona, matthew, gareth and david.'sorry i'm late,' says charles. 'the traffic was awful.'they all look at him; nobody believes him at all.'yes, well -' says charles. 'now, who's getting married today?'he reads the wedding card, pretending that he doesn't know.they all go into the church, where the wedding is about to start. a young priest comes in, looking worried and nervous. it's father gerald, who they met at the last wedding reception. he's finished his studying, and now he's a real priest.today tom is best man. he has remembered to bring the rings, one each for the bride and groom. he takes them out of his pocket and shows them to charles, holding them up to his eyes like a pair of glasses. charles smiles and waves at him.as the wedding music starts, the bride and her bridesmaids enter the church. the bride, of course, is lydia, who first kissed her bridegroom, bernard, at the last wedding reception. there are four bridesmaids. two are little girls and two are women. one of them is scarlett. as she walks up the aisle, everyone can see her bright blue underclothes. the piece of her dress that fell off has left a large hole in the back of her dress! scarlett is still wearing her sunglasses too - she looks quite strange! she takes them off just as they reach the priest. bernard is standing there by the priest, waiting for his bride.father gerald begins to read the words of the marriage service. unfortunately, because he is very nervous, he gets some of the words wrong. everybody bursts out laughing.'it's his first wedding, you see,' matthew whispers to charles. 'he's a friend of the family.''ah. excellent,' says charles. he finds it very amusing.father gerald calls bernard 'lydia' by mistake. and when he does get the groom's name right, he doesn't know how to say bernard's middle name. it's written 'st john' and spoken as 'sinjun'.'... bernard geoffrey sijjjjjjern delaney' says father gerald, hurriedly. everyone is smiling. this is all very entertaining.now, as the priest speaks, the bride and groom have to repeat the same words after him.'i bernard delaney -' says father gerald, leaving out the st john part now. 'do take you, lydia jane hibbott, to be my awful wedded wife.' this is not what he should say at all! he is so nervous that he's getting the words mixed up!'to be my lawful wedded wife,' bernard says. these are the words father gerald should have said.'that's right. that's right,' says father gerald. he doesn't know exactly what he's doing now, but somehow they get to the end of the service.'well done!' shouts gareth, clapping, and the others copy him. it's like being at the theatre, and after the service, everybody congratulates the priest. gerald is very pleased with himself, and is smiling too, now that it's all over.the reception is being held in an elegant london hotel. the guests seem to be from rich, upper-class families. all the men are wearing formal wedding coats, and the women are in expensive dresses. lydia, the bride, is in an excellent mood; she is laughing and kissing the guests as they arrive. charles, gareth and matthew have already found the drinks. they are used to weddings, and know exactly what to do.'do you know what i think about marriage?' asks gareth. 'two people are in love. they live together, then suddenly they can't think of anything to say to each other. they're worried - what are they going to do? then the man has an idea.''what?' asks charles.'they'll get married! and then they've got something to talk about for the rest of their lives.''so - people get married when they can't communicate properly any more. is that what you're saying?''yes, that's right. tom!' tom, the best man, has come to join them. 'how's the speech?''fine - good, i think. something for everyone - yes, the jokes will raise a few smiles, and there should be a few tears too,' tom says.'excellent!' says gareth.'it's an interesting idea, gareth,' says charles.'of course, there's another idea. some people think that weddings are about true love,' says matthew, looking at gareth.'well, that's a thought,' charles replies lightly. but he has listened seriously; charles is very confused about love and marriage at the moment.the reception is very busy now, full of well-dressed guests who are drinking and chatting, laughing and calling to one another.charles is just fetching three more drinks, when a voice says, 'hi.'he turns round. it's carrie. she looks wonderful.'hello,' says charles, and nearly drops the drinks.'how are you?' asks carrie.'fine. fine. sorry - i'm so surprised, and so pleased to see you. don't go back to america! please! wait here - i'll be back in two seconds. ok?''ok,' she smiles.he rushes back to the others.'that's yours. and that's yours,' he says, giving them their drinks. 'see you in five hours.''has something happened?' asks gareth.'yes - yes - this is a great wedding, you know!'but when he finds carrie again, things don't go quite as he planned.'hi. you look perfect. in fact, you probably are perfect. how are you?''i'm really well. charles, i'd like you to meet hamish. hamish and i are going to get married.'this is a horrible shock for charles, but he tries to hide it.'excellent, excellent. i'm happy to meet you, hamish. lovely surprise to find carrie back in this country again.'hamish is an elegant and confident man of about fifty. he is scottish.'yes, well, it wasn't easy! i had to work hard - she didn't want to come at first. come on, carrie dear, i want you to meet james. he's waiting for us over there. he'll think that i can't control you at all, if we don't go and find him now!' he holds out his hand to carrie, and she takes it.'i'll see you later,' she says in a friendly way to charles, as she walks away with hamish.charles is shocked and very unhappy. he is unhappy about carrie, of course, but why is he so very unhappy? he doesn't quite understand himself at the moment. he doesn't feel in the mood to join in with the party any more, and he sits down alone. later, matthew comes up to talk to him.'how are you doing, charles?' matthew asks.'actually, not great,' says charles. 'not great at all, really. i don't know - what's happening here? why am i always at weddings but never getting married? what does it mean?''you're not smart enough,' says matthew. 'or perhaps it could be because you haven't met the right girl.''ah, but is that right?' charles asks. 'maybe i have met the right girl. maybe i meet the right girls all the time. maybe it's me - i'm the problem.''oh, rubbish!' says matthew.and then it's time for dinner. everyone has been told to look at a written table plan to find out where they have to sit. it has all been organized very carefully.'come on,' says matthew, 'you'll probably meet your future wife at dinner.'charles looks at the table plan. 'oh my god!' he says, but doesn't tell matthew why he is so alarmed.fiona is already sitting at another table, next to an upper-class older woman who is wearing a bright blue dress and a bright blue hat. her name is mrs beaumont.'are you married?' she asks fiona immediately.'no.' fiona answers.'do you prefer women?' asks mrs beaumont.'good god!' says fiona. 'what made you say that?''well, it's a possibility these days, isn't it?' mrs beaumont says. 'and it's an interesting one. it's very boring if you just say, "oh, dear, i've never found the right man!'"fiona laughs. 'quite right. why be boring?''thank you,' says mrs beaumont.'well,' fiona continues, 'i have met the right person, you see. but he's not in love with me. until i stop loving him, i can't get interested in other men.''bad luck,' says her new friend.'yes, isn't it?' says fiona. 'i did go with another girl once, at school - but it was only for about fifteen minutes. i don't think that really means anything, do you?'charles has now found his table, and sits down with two men and four young women, who are all attractive and about the same age as him. his brother david is there too. charles looks very embarrassed and uncomfortable.'hi,' says charles to one of the men.'hello, i'm alistair. you know veronica, don't you?''yes,' says charles, very nervous now. 'yes - hello vee! hi, nicki! great to see you.' he can see carrie on another table. she's laughing with matthew and gareth. charles would much rather be at their table.alistair seems to be giving them all a lesson on tea. 'there are about four hundred different kinds of tea, and all the fruit teas as well. i took veronica out to india at christmas to see the places where they grow it.''excellent,' says charles.'you and veronica went to india together, didn't you charles?' alistair asks.'that's right,' charles answers. so veronica was once a girlfriend of charles's.'charles was horrible,' says veronica. 'i was really ill, and he just joked all the time.''i was only trying to make you feel better, vee.''oh, you're that veronica,' says nicki.'which veronica?' veronica asks. 'charlie - what have you been saying?' she's worried too now.but charles doesn't want to answer the question. 'remember bombay?' he asks brightly.nicki continues: 'when charles and i were going out together,' - so she's another old girlfriend of his - 'he told me about this "interesting" journey he'd taken round india with "vomiting veronica" yes, i think that's right. i'm sure that's what he called her.''did i really say that?' asks charles quickly 'no i don't think so -''oh come on, charles,' says martha, who is old girlfriend number three at the table. 'you could never keep a secret. you're hopeless.'charles is certainly in a horrible mess now.'martha, that's not quite true -''i'm sure it is, charles,' says nicki.'i remember another thing you told me,' martha continues. 'about a girlfriend that you had called helena. her mother liked you too. she wanted to go to bed with you! you told me that you didn't know what to do. "would it be rude to refuse her?" you asked yourself.''that's right!' adds nicki. 'you said that they were both as fat as pigs! mrs piggy, and miss piggy -''i think perhaps -' says charles, but the three girls are laughing loudly and they're not listening to him.finally, the fourth girl, who is sitting quietly next to him, speaks. 'we've both lost weight since then, my mother and i,' she says, taking another chocolate.it is a disaster for charles. but fortunately it's now time for the speeches.'ah - great - speeches!' he says. at least they can't talk about him any more until later.everyone claps tom as he stands up.'yes - when bernard told me he was getting married to lydia, i congratulated him. all his other girlfriends were real dogs, you see! and of course, i'm delighted to see so many of them here this evening...'it is a terrible speech, but tom thinks he is doing well. so does gareth! he seems to enjoy really awful things.'camilla is one of them - it's lovely to see you again, camilla! she was the first person who bernard wanted to marry. she told him to go to hell! it's lucky for lydia that she did!'when the dinner and the formal parts of the reception are over, charles and his friends are free to meet up again. they find some comfortable sofas, and sit down together to chat.gareth is talking about the wedding dinner. for once, he is not being rude. 'we had a lovely girl at our table - carrie. she's going to marry a man called hamish. he's very rich and owns half of scotland. so, how are you?' he asks charles.'this is the wedding from hell!' charles answers. 'old girlfriends everywhere. i'll probably meet henrietta next. that'll really finish the day off for me!''hello, charles,' a voice says from behind him. it's henrietta and, of course, she's also one of charles's old girlfriends. charles seems to have no luck at all today. henrietta is a tall, dark girl, and she is usually quite attractive. but now her face is white, and she looks very unhappy. charles is feeling bad, but henrietta seems to feel even worse.'hello, hen, how are you?' says charles brightly, trying to pretend that everything is all right. he hopes that she did not hear his last few words.she is silent for a moment, then she bursts into tears.'oh, hen,' says charles, sympathetically.helena jumps up from the sofa in a temper. 'why can't you just leave her alone? haven't you hurt her enough?'she leads henrietta away.charles gets up. 'excuse me,' he says to gareth. 'i think i am a walking disaster at the moment. i think i'd better go away and be alone.'but not everyone is having a bad time. david, charles's brother, is talking to serena, the pretty girl who was interested in him at the last wedding reception. she has been hoping to meet him again, and has started to learn sign language so that she can communicate with him.she signs her name. 'i'm s-e-r-e-n-a.'david smiles sweetly at her.'hello,' he signs back.'i'm just learning,' says serena with her hands. 'i'm probably making lots of mistakes.'she certainly is - she signs 'tols' instead of 'lots', and 'nistakes', instead of mistakes. but david doesn't want to correct her. he shakes his head and smiles again.'no, perfect. perfect,' he tells her. 'would you like to dance?''yes, that would be nice,' serena replies. they go off together, looking very happy.charles is in a bedroom upstairs. it seems to be empty - the door was open, but there was nobody inside, just a suit hanging up on a cupboard door. it's dark now, but he doesn't turn the light on. he goes to the window and looks down on to the street below. he just stands there quietly, glad to be alone in a calm room. but after a minute or two, he sees carrie down there. she's coming out of the hotel with hamish. they have their arms around each other and look very happy. they get into a taxi together. charles watches them unhappily as they drive off. he seems to be very depressed.then the door opens, and bernard and lydia come in, kissing noisily. they are so interested in each other that they don't notice charles. they are still dressed for the wedding - lydia in her bride's dress, and bernard in his suit. this is their room, the place where they are going to change into their other clothes before they go away on their honeymoon.but they're not ready to change yet. they are about to have sex on the bed. charles wonders how he can escape, and he begins to try to walk from the window to the door very, very quietly.then suddenly lydia cries, 'wait a minute! this isn't good enough! i want to see my lovely husband!'she turns on the light. she is lying on top of bernard - she still has her dress on, but charles knows what's happening underneath it. luckily, they don't see charles. but he can't get past them to the door. then he sees another door nearer to him, so he opens it and goes through it as fast as he can. oh, no! it's only a kind of very small washroom - no more than a cupboard, really! there's almost no room in it for charles! he waits there; it's very uncomfortable, and it seems to him that he has to wait for hours.***downstairs, the other guests are enjoying themselves. several of them are dancing to the lively music. scarlett is sitting in a strange place, like charles upstairs. she's under a table with one of the small bridesmaids. they are both dancing to the music but only using their hands for the dancing movements.'have you got a boyfriend?' scarlett asks the little girl, whose name is freda.'yes,' says freda.'what's his name?''dolph. he's good at table-tennis. and you?''no. no boyfriend.''why not?''i don't know,' says scarlett, a little unhappily. when i like men, they don't seem to like me. they think i'm stupid. then, the ones who like me - well, i think they're stupid! i don't want to go out with them. so that doesn't get me anywhere, does it?'upstairs, in the bedroom, time passes. lydia and bernard are still making love, very noisily. charles is sitting on the basin in the washroom. he looks at his watch.'god, are they going to finish soon?' he wonders. if he'd known they were going to take so long, he wouldn't have hidden there.'oh - i love my wife!' cries bernard.'i-love-my-husband!' screams lydia.they finish. after a quiet moment or two bernard says, 'we'd better go downstairs now, i suppose.'charles nods. 'yes! yes!' he says silently to himself.'or,' says lydia, 'we could wait a few minutes - and start again!''no, no!' charles shakes his head inside the cupboard.he really can't stay there any longer, so he opens the door. he walks past lydia and bernard who are still lying on the bed. they are amazed and stare at him in great surprise, but he pretends that it's not strange at all. he holds up a pencil as he walks towards the door of the room.'i found it!' he says, and goes out.but his troubles are not over. henrietta is outside.'charles, we must talk,' she says firmly.'right, right,' he says pleasantly. is this a bad dream? but he would rather talk to henrietta than stay in the bedroom with bernard and lydia!they start walking downstairs together.'the thing is, charlie, i've spoken to lots of people about you.''oh, god!' says charles.'and everyone agrees that you're in real trouble, charles,' she continues seriously.'am i?' he asks.'you see, you have one girlfriend after another, but you don't love any of them. you never let a woman get close to you at all.''no, no, hen, it's not like that -' says charles.'but it's no good.' henrietta continues, 'you're nice to them, sweet to them - you were sweet to me, though you thought i was stupid.''i didn't.''yes you did. you don't give people a chance. whenever you have a new girlfriend, you think, "i mustn't fall in love. i mustn't get married.'"'hen, you know me! i don't think like that! most of the time - well, i don't think at all!''oh, charlie!' henrietta suddenly throws her arms around him. 'the way you used to look at me! i thought - i thought that you were going to ask me to marry you! but you were only thinking about how to leave me. oh - this is awful!'she walks away. she is very upset. charles just stands there. he can't move. actually, he doesn't know what to do. then he turns round and sees carrie behind him.'are you having a good time?' she asks him.'oh, yes, of course! wonderful - better than my father's funeral! really entertaining!' charles says. 'i thought you'd gone.''no - hamish is going on the night train to edinburgh. i just went with him to the station. but i am leaving now. do you want to come with me?'so charles and carrie drive off together through the late-night streets of london. the taxi takes them to carrie's flat.'are you coming up for a drink?' she asks charles.'are you sure?' he asks. he looks rather doubtful about the situation.'yes - i think we can take a chance!' she jokes. 'you're attractive - but i can still refuse you, no problem! you're not so attractive, you know!'charles is not feeling very confident after all the horrible things that have happened today, so he doesn't share the joke. 'ok. yes. great.' he says, without a smile.but as soon as they are together in carrie's flat, it's like the last time that they met. they kiss, and become lovers again. they are both very happy to be with each other, and they spend the night together. but carrie is still going to marry hamish. charles has left it all too late.in the early morning, charles gets up first. he puts on his formal wedding suit again; he doesn't have any other clothes with him. he looks at carrie for a long moment, and she looks back at him. she is very beautiful. they seem to be in love and charles doesn't want to go. finally, he turns and leaves the room quietly. what would have happened to the couple if charles hadn't been so confused?