it is nearly noon on saturday, september the 1st. charles is in bed, asleep as usual. the door opens, and scarlett comes in, carrying cups and plates and the morning letters.'good morning, charles. i've brought us some breakfast. sorry the toast's a bit burnt.'she sits down on the edge of the bed. charles wakes up. scarlett pours the tea and spreads butter on the toast. they eat breakfast together comfortably.'what are you going to do today?' she asks him. 'well,' says charles, 'today is a day without a wedding. a free saturday! the only thing that i have to do is to meet david. i mustn't be late for him.'he picks up a large white envelope and opens it.'i think i'll look for a job today,' says scarlett. 'i heard about one the other day, as a shop assistant. you have to sell strange clothes to strange people. i think i'd be good at it.'but charles isn't concentrating. he is studying the card in the envelope. he looks rather upset.'are you all right?' scarlett asks him.'it's that girl, carrie - do you remember? the american girl. it's the invitation to her wedding.'the invitation also tells guests the address of the shop where they can buy presents for the bride and groom. this is another custom for some people in england. it seems that charles is still going to spend his time today on weddings.the shop is horribly expensive. there are handmade carpets, there is furniture from different parts of the world, and the place is full of all kinds of unusual and beautiful things.the shop assistant is also very elegant. she looks down her nose at charles, who is wearing an old shirt with his shorts and running shoes. he doesn't look at all smart.'excuse me,' he asks her. 'do you have the wedding list for banks? hamish and carrie banks?' carrie banks is what carrie will be called after her marriage to hamish.the assistant looks at charles with dislike. 'certainly, sir. i can show you plenty of presents for about one thousand pounds.''ah!' says charles, who is amazed, but is trying not to show it. 'what about presents for fifty pounds?''you can buy this one,' says the assistant. she points to a life-size wooden african man.'this?' says charles. 'excellent!''you can buy it,' the assistant says nastily, 'if you can find someone to pay the other three thousand, nine hundred and fifty pounds.'charles smiles. he is still being very polite and trying to look calm.'or we sell plastic bags for one pound fifty pence each,' she continues. 'why don't you just buy thirty-three of them?''actually, i think i'll probably leave it. thanks very much. you've been very...' he was going to say 'helpful', but it wouldn't be true.as he turns round to go out of the shop, carrie walks in.'what did you get?' she asks him, smiling. she looks very happy.'oh - nothing, nothing yet! i've just been looking,' says charles. it is once again a surprise to meet her. he is always delighted to see her, but he never knows what to say.'it's nice to see you,' she says.'it's nice to see you', says charles.'it's great, getting presents,' says carrie. she laughs. 'why didn't i get married years ago? has anybody bought the wooden african yet?' she asks the assistant.'the young man is thinking about it,' says the assistant, icily polite.charles nods thoughtfully, trying to look as if this is a serious idea.'oh no,' says carrie, who is quick to understand. 'get me something small - a teapot or something. are you free for about half an hour?''yes - i have to meet my brother, but - i can be a little bit late.' it's a lie. david will be annoyed if charles is late. but he doesn't want to miss the chance to spend some time with carrie.'good,' she says. 'come with me. i've got to make an important decision.'she takes charles off to the dress shop where she plans to choose her wedding dress.'the most important thing', she says, 'is - please don't laugh!''ok. right,' says charles, seriously.the assistant brings dress after dress. carrie takes each one away and tries it on. each time, when she's ready, she comes out and shows charles. the first dress is very complicated, with full skirts.'what do you think?' she asks him.'lovely!' says charles.'isn't it a bit like a cake?' she asks him.'well -' says charles.'don't worry,' says carrie. 'i thought so too! but we've only just begun.'she comes out next in a very modern style of dress. actually, it is not really a dress at all - it's a suit with trousers, a long open coat, and a very small top. sexy!'what do you think this time?' asks carrie.'you're joking!' says charles.'but it's wonderful, isn't it? maybe next time...'the next dress is long, in a 'country girl' style, like an old eighteenth-century picture. it is quite sweet, but not right for carrie.'what do you think?' she asks again.'ah-' says charles.'i knew it!' she says, smiling, and goes behind the curtain to take it off.then she comes out in a very simple, but very sexy dress.'it's a bit sexy,' she says.'if i was your husband, i'd be so proud,' says charles, and he means it. 'but maybe you're right. you don't want the priest to get too excited!'after carrie has chosen her dress, they go to a cafe together to drink tea. it has started to rain now.'marriage is strange,' says charles. 'just one man and one woman - no more lovers, ever! do you think you'll stay faithful?''yes, once i'm married,' carrie replies. 'i told hamish that i would kill him if he goes with another woman. so i'd better do the same, i think, and leave other men alone.''quite right,' says charles.'and i've had plenty of lovers in my life,' she continues.'have you?' asks charles, surprised. 'how many is "plenty"?''well - oh i don't know,' says carrie, a little bit embarrassed. 'more than one.''tell me!' says charles. 'there are no secrets between us now. i've seen the wedding dress, remember?''well -' says carrie, and she starts to count on her fingers. 'the first one, of course, you never forget. it was nice. number two - he had too much hair on his back! three - four - five - number six was on my birthday, in my parents' bedroom.''which birthday?' asks charles quickly.'my seventeenth,' she answers.'seventeen? you got to number six by your seventeenth birthday?''i grew up in the country - it's different there,' she says. 'ok - seven was good. eight - rather small! that was a shock! nine - we were standing up against a gate. never try it, charles. it's very uncomfortable.''i won't,' he promises her seriously.'ten was wonderful, really like heaven.''i hate him,' says charles.'eleven - no good. numbers twelve to seventeen were during my university years. they were all nice, intelligent boys - but the sex wasn't much good. eighteen broke my heart. i couldn't forget him for years afterwards.''i'm sorry,' charles says.'i don't remember number nineteen. but my girlfriend says that it did happen - twice. she shared my room, so she should know. twenty - are we really at twenty? god! twenty-one - horrible! i don't want to talk about him. twenty-two - well, he was always falling asleep! that was my first year in england.''i must apologize for england, and englishmen,' says charles.'twenty-three and twenty-four were together - i won't forget that!''seriously?' asks charles, but she won't answer him. he is not sure how much of this is serious at all.'twenty-five was a lovely frenchman. twenty-six was an awful frenchman. twenty-seven was a mistake.''suddenly, at number twenty-seven, you made a mistake?' asks charles. 'can this really be true?''he kept on screaming,' says carrie simply. 'i nearly gave up sex after that. but spencer changed my mind for me. he was number twenty-eight. then there was his father, number twenty-nine.''spencer's father?' charles repeats.'then thirty - horrible! thirty-one - oh my god! thirty-two -' she pauses. 'thirty-two was lovely. and then there's hamish, number thirty-three.''so i was - after hamish?' asks charles. he really wants to know now.'no, you were thirty-two,' replies carrie, and charles thinks about this.'that's it, then,' says carrie. 'less than madonna, more than princess diana - i hope. what about you? how many people have you slept with?''not as many as you!' charles answers. 'i probably don't have enough time. what do i do with my time? actually, i don't really know. i work - yes, that's it! work, work and more work. i'm always working late!'carrie laughs. and suddenly, they both stop talking. there is a very serious, silent moment; something has happened, and they both feel it.'i wish i'd phoned you,' says charles. 'but you didn't ring me.' then he looks at his watch. 'oh, hell! help me, please! i'm late - again!'when they reach the cinema, david is still waiting outside. if it hadn't been his brother he would have probably have left by now. charles is very, very late. david signs to him, 'you're not my brother any more! you're just some stupid fool that i once met!''carrie, this is david, my brother,' says charles. 'this is carrie,' he signs.'hi,' says carrie.'we were buying a wedding dress for her,' charles signs.'that's a really poor excuse,' david replies. 'who's she marrying?'they can now have a secret conversation, because carrie doesn't understand sign language.'a real fool,' says charles.'how does a fool find a beautiful wife like her?' asks david.carrie is waiting for a translation.'yes, i'm just telling david that you're marrying hamish. "what a lucky man!" he said to me.''didn't you make love to her once?' asks david. fortunately, carrie still can't understand.'he wants to know where you are getting married,' charles pretends to translate.'in scotland,' carrie answers.'she's got lovely breasts!' says david, and uses his hands to describe them.'"oh, lovely hills up there in scotland," he says!' charles translates quickly.'why don't you come to the wedding?' carrie asks david. 'i'd like some nice friends to come - hamish is going to invite some awful people. well, you'd better go in and see the film. goodbye!'the brothers watch her as she walks away. charles and david go into the cinema, but suddenly charles changes his mind.'oh, hell!' he says.he runs out of the cinema and chases carrie up the steps. david is left alone at the entrance to the cinema. charles catches up with carrie by the river.'carrie! - sorry, sorry! oh - this is stupid - you've just bought your wedding dress. but i wondered if there was any chance - no, obviously not! i've only slept with nine women - so why am i asking silly questions? but i just wondered - i really feel - well, let me say it more clearly, like the man in the song. or was it the man on television? "i think i love you." would you perhaps like to - no, no, of course not! i'm a fool, and he isn't. excellent. excellent. lovely to see you. must go now.'he turns to leave, then adds, 'damn!''that was very sweet,' says carrie. she is smiling at him and looks very affectionate.'well, i thought about it a lot, you know. i wanted to get it just right. it's important that i've said it.''what have you said, exactly?' asks carrie.'i said that i think - oh, you know what i said!' charles is finding this very difficult.'you're lovely,' says carrie, and kisses him. for a minute, they stand close together, then carrie walks away. she looks back at him one last time.