that evening, dorothea had dinner with mr brooke, sir james and celia. mr brooke, who had been at the meeting, told everyone the whole sad story. dorothea listened with deep interest, and asked her uncle to repeat the parts involving lydgate. when mr brooke had finished, she said, 'you don't believe that mr lydgate has done anything wrong, do you? i don't! let's find out the truth and prove his innocence!''let's not be too hasty, my dear,' said mr brooke.'we must help mr lydgate,' she said earnestly. 'we must tell everyone that we believe him to be innocent! i can't be indifferent to the troubles of a man who helped me in my trouble and in my illness.''but, dorothea,' said sir james, 'we don't know that he is innocent.''oh, how cruel!' cried dorothea. 'don't you want to be the one person who believes he's innocent, when everyone else thinks he's guilty? our neighbours almost always think that we're worse than we really are. i don't think he could possibly have accepted a bribe. i will ask mr lydgate to tell me the truth, so that i can help him. i will take mr bulstrode's place at the new hospital. when he tells me the truth, we can all help him out of this trouble.''it's true that a woman can sometimes show sympathy when a man must be more cautious,' said mr brooke.'surely a woman should be cautious too and listen to those who know better than she does,' replied sir james.later, when the sisters were in the drawing-room alone, celia said, 'you must listen to sir james, dodo, otherwise you will get into trouble. you always did and you always will get into trouble when you follow your own ideas.'dorothea's eyes filled with angry tears. she felt that every generous impulse she had was frustrated.***lydgate did not tell rosamond what had happened at the town meeting. 'if i tell her, she will be indifferent to my suffering,' he thought. 'she will say that i've made her life miserable.' he could not bear to see that cold distant look on her face as he told her his troubles.as soon as the debts were paid, rosamond felt better. but she was not happy. her married life was not what she had hoped. lydgate was very gentle to her, but she remembered the things he had said to her when he was angry. they had offended her deeply. she felt that her marriage was a failure.often she thought of ladislaw. 'if i had married him, everything would have been delightful,' she thought. she knew that he admired mrs casaubon very much, but she was sure that he loved her more. in her fantasies, will had a great passion for her. 'he will return to middlemarch to be near me,' she thought. 'he will never marry. he will live nearby and adore me always.'a few days before the memorable town meeting, will wrote a letter to rosamond and lydgate: 'i am coming back to middlemarch for a brief visit,' he wrote. 'i hope i will still be welcome in your drawing-room. i look forward to our music.'as lydgate read the letter aloud to her, rosamond smiled. 'mr ladislaw is coming back, and the debts are paid,' she thought. 'now everything will be pleasant.'a few days later, she sent out invitations to a party. she did not tell lydgate, because she knew he would say that a party cost too much money. 'when the invitations have been accepted,' thought rosamond, 'i'll tell him.' but all the invitations were refused. lydgate was looking through the post one day and saw the last reply.'why is chicheley writing to you?' he asked, handing her the letter. rosamond opened it and showed it to him. 'why did you send out invitations without telling me?' cried lydgate, furious.she said nothing.'do you hear me?''certainly i hear you,' said rosamond.afraid that he might become violent, lydgate walked out of the room. rosamond thought that he was getting more and more intolerable. she wondered why all the people she had invited had refused the invitations. in fact, she now realised that none of her friends and family had talked to her for the last few days. she put on her hat and coat and went immediately to her father's house, and he told her everything.that evening, she sat pale and silent in the drawing-room. 'have you heard anything that distresses you, rosamond?' asked lydgate.'yes,' she answered.'what have you heard?''everything, i suppose. papa told me.'there was a silence. lydgate thought, 'if she has any trust in me, she ought to speak now and say that she believes i am innocent.'but rosamond said nothing. she thought that he should be the first to speak. he should say he was sorry for causing her such pain and disgrace. she had no idea whether or not he was guilty. if he was innocent, why did he not do something to prove it?that silence made them more alienated from each other than they had ever been before.***a few days later, dorothea received a letter from bulstrode, asking her to discuss the new hospital with lydgate. she had not contacted lydgate, because sir james did not wish her to do so. but now that bulstrode had asked her, she was eager to talk to lydgate. she longed to help him. her own life seemed empty now, and she wanted above all to help others. as she waited for him in the library at lowick, she thought of all the times in the past when she had talked to lydgate. she remembered his help and comfort when her husband was ill and after his death. she remembered that one strange occasion when she had found ladislaw singing with mrs lydgate, and she wondered what lydgate's marriage was like.when he came in, she noticed the change in his face. 'i wanted to talk to you days ago, mr lydgate,' she said, 'but i waited until i heard from mr bulstrode again about the new hospital. i'm thinking of taking mr bulstrode's place as main benefactor of the hospital, and i hope you'll continue to manage it.''i may have to leave middlemarch, mrs casaubon,' said lydgate. he felt that he could do nothing that went against rosamond's wishes, and rosamond wanted above all to leave middlemarch and escape the disgrace.'not because there is no one to believe in you?' asked dorothea. 'i know that people have misinterpreted your actions. the moment i heard about it, i knew that they were wrong. you've never done anything dishonourable.''thank you,' said lydgate in a trembling voice. no one had yet expressed belief in his innocence. these few words of trust from a woman were very important to him.'please tell me what happened,' said dorothea. 'i'm sure the truth will prove your innocence.'for the first time in his life, lydgate trusted entirely in someone else's generosity and sympathy. he told her everything.'i'm so sorry,' said dorothea, when he had finished speaking. 'i know you wanted to do great things with your life. it's so sad when someone tries to do great work and fails. i'll explain, everything to all the people i know - sir james chettam and mr brooke and other influential people in middlemarch. they'll listen to me. then you can stay in middlemarch and work at the new hospital as before. even though only a few people will believe that you are innocent at first, gradually others will be persuaded. then perhaps you'll be able to do the great work you wanted to do, and the town will be proud of you,' she ended with a smile.lydgate hesitated for a moment, then he said, 'why shouldn't i tell you? you know what marriage is. you'll understand everything.'dorothea felt her heart beginning to beat faster. did he have that sorrow too?lydgate continued: 'i can't do anything without considering my wife's happiness. i would like to do as you suggest, if i were alone, but it's impossible. she wants to leave middlemarch she can't bear the disgrace.''but if she understood the good that might come if you stayed here -''she won't understand it,' replied lydgate. 'in fact, this trouble has made it difficult for us to speak to each other i'm not sure what she thinks. she may think i have really done something evil. it's my fault. i ought to be more open.''may i go and see her?' said dorothea, eagerly.'oh, please do,' said lydgate. 'it'll please her to think that you still respect me. she'll feel honoured by your visit. i ought to have told her everything myself, but -'he stopped speaking, and there was a moment's silence. dorothea did not say what she was thinking - that she knew very well the difficulties husbands and wives sometimes have in talking to each other.instead she said, 'i will talk to mrs lydgate and explain our plans to her, then you can continue at the new hospital and do the work you always wanted to do.''no,' said lydgate. 'i can't let you put money into a project that depends on me. i'm so unpopular in middlemarch, that the project is sure to fail if i manage it. besides, i can't do anything for a long time except try to earn an income.''it makes me sad to hear you talk so hopelessly,' said dorothea. 'i have a lot of money - too much money. i could give you an income. then you could do your great work.''god bless you, mrs casaubon!' said lydgate, rising from the great leather chair in which he had been sitting. 'you're very generous, but i can't profit from your generosity. i must leave middlemarch and look for the kind of work that will earn money. i must do as other men do. i'll look for work in london. i'll treat the diseases of rich people and get well paid for it. that's the life i must live.''it is not brave to give up the fight,' said dorothea.'no, it is not brave,' he replied. 'but you have given me courage by believing in me.'as he rode away from lowick, lydgate thought, 'this young creature has a heart big enough for the virgin mary. she feels friendship for men - i never saw that in a woman before - and a man can be friends with her. i wonder if she could ever feel passion for a man? real passion - not the feelings she had about casaubon. ladislaw? well, her love might help a man more than her money.'***that day and the next, dorothea spent a lot of time thinking about her visit to rosamond. for her, the image of mrs lydgate had always been associated with will ladislaw. she had always believed that will was innocent of any wrongdoing. at first, when he had said he was going away, she had thought perhaps he was leaving to escape the temptation of rosamond. dorothea, trying to find excuses for him, had often thought of how lovely mrs lydgate was and how she shared his interest in music. perhaps she shared his other tastes as well. but his final words to her, when she had last seen him at tipton grange, had convinced her that she herself was the one he loved. she had been delighted by his delicate sense of honour, his determination that no one could criticise him justly. she now felt sure that his relations with mrs lydgate were innocent.the news about bulstrode had damaged will's social position. the gossip in middlemarch was that 'young ladislaw is the grandson of a thieving jew pawnbroker!' this had made dorothea wish to defend him, but she felt that the deeper relation between them must be kept secret, and so she had remained silent.with these thoughts in mind, dorothea went to lydgate's house one clear spring morning. she had a letter for lydgate, in which she offered to lend him money so that he could pay his debt to bulstrode. the letter contained a cheque for one thousand pounds.the lydgates' maid was washing the steps outside the front door. 'is mrs lydgate in?' asked dorothea.'i'm not sure, my lady' said the maid. 'please come in and wait in the drawing-room. i'll go to look for her.'dorothea followed the maid to the drawing-room. the maid pushed open the door without saying anything or looking inside. dorothea entered then stopped suddenly, horrified by what she saw. sitting on the sofa, speaking softly, was will ladislaw.rosamond sat close beside him. her face was turned up to his. she was blushing, and her eyes were full of tears. will was holding both her hands in his.when they noticed her, rosamond and will stood up quickly.'excuse me, mrs lydgate, the servant didn't know that you were here,' said dorothea. 'i just came to leave a letter for mr lydgate.' dorothea put the letter on a small table and quickly left the house. she got into her carriage and told the driver to go to freshitt hall.she was paler than usual, but she felt full of energy. her anger and contempt made her energetic. what she had seen was so despicable - so far below her idea of will ladislaw - that she felt repelled and disgusted. these feelings made her heart beat fast and gave her unusual energy. she spent the day as she had planned to spend it - going to freshitt and tipton grange to raise support for lydgate.rosamond and will stood motionless for a long time. he stared at the place where dorothea had stood. she looked anxiously at him. she knew that will was deeply distressed by what had happened, yet she was sure that she could comfort him. she touched his arm.'don't touch me!' cried will, angrily.rosamond sat down, offended. 'you can easily follow mrs casaubon and explain your preference to her,' she said.'how can a man explain at the expense of a woman? she will never listen to a word i say again. i had no hope before, but i was sure that she believed that i was good. whatever people said about me, she believed in me. but now she will hate me. explain my preference? i never had a preference for her, any more than i have a preference for breathing. no other woman exists by her side.'when will finished speaking, her lips were pale. she was an image of misery. it was now clear to her for the first time that will did not love her. her little world was in ruins. if tertius had seen her face then, he would have tried to comfort her. will felt no such pity. he knew that he was being cruel, but he did not care. he felt that rosamond had ruined the ideal treasure of his life. he picked up his hat to leave, but he could not go without saying something to soften his angry last words. he thought, 'i might become trapped by this helpless sad woman who has offered herself to me.'finally he said, 'shall i come and see lydgate this evening?''if you like,' rosamond replied in a trembling voice.then he left the house.when will was gone, rosamond went upstairs and lay on the bed. she told the maid that she felt ill. when lydgate came home, he sat beside her and held her hand. she looked at him with more interest than usual, as if she were comforted by his presence.'my poor rosamond,' he said. 'has something agitated you?'she put her head on his shoulder and began to cry. for the next hour he did nothing but comfort her. he thought that dorothea had come to visit her and that rosamond's agitation was a result of their conversation.that evening, will came to see lydgate. lydgate told him that rosamond was ill, then he told him of all the troubles they had had in middlemarch since will had left. as lydgate spoke, will imagined a terrible dull future in which he became rosamond's lover and so betrayed his friend lydgate. he had been cruel to rosamond, and now felt an obligation to comfort her. his life had been ruined, and he cared very little about what happened to him now.***alone in her room at lowick that night, dorothea cried out, 'oh, i did love him!' she sat up all night, weeping and sobbing in anguish. her fine woman's body was shaken by sobs. she cried for the loss of will - the bright creature she had trusted through all her troubles. she lay down on the cold floor and cried herself to sleep.in the cold hours of early morning, she woke up, exhausted and sorrowful but calm. she wrapped warm things around her and sat in a big chair by the window. she thought about yesterday morning, examining every detail and its possible meaning. 'i was not alone in that scene,' she thought. 'it was not my experience only.' she had gone to lydgate's house, hoping to help rosamond. in her anger and disgust, she had abandoned that idea. but dorothea was not the kind of woman to hate her rival more than her faithless lover. she had a strong sense of justice. all her sympathy for lydgate and his wife returned to her now. their marriage - like her own - had its secret troubles. 'my own misery should make me more eager to help others,' she thought, 'instead of making me passive and indifferent. this is a crisis in our lives - not only in my life but also in the lives of those three others. what can i do to save them?'it had taken her a long time to come to that question. she looked out of the window and saw that the sun was rising. she saw a man walking down the road with a bundle on his back and a woman carrying her baby. in the field she saw a shepherd and his dog. she thought, 'the world is big and full of people who live and work and suffer. i am a part of that life.'she called tantripp. 'please bring me some coffee, tantripp,' she said. 'and my new dress.' by eight o'clock, she was walking to middlemarch to see rosamond.lydgate met her at the door and handed her a letter. 'i wanted to put my thanks in writing,' he said.'you have accepted?' she asked, anxiously.'yes. i will send the cheque to bulstrode today.'lydgate went to work, and dorothea followed the maid to the drawing-room. rosamond stood in the middle of the room, looking pale and nervous. she wondered why mrs casaubon had come to see her. she was sure that mrs casaubon could feel nothing but animosity for her. rosamond prepared to meet that animosity with cold polite passivity. but, when she entered the room, dorothea put out her hand to shake rosamond's. her face, though sad, had a sweet open expression. rosamond realised that mrs casaubon's state of mind must be completely different from what she had imagined.'i wanted to talk to you yesterday about the injustice mr lydgate has suffered,' said dorothea. 'i hope it will make you feel better to know that he has friends who believe in him.''i know you have been very good,' said rosamond, realising, with surprise and relief, that dorothea was not going to mention will.'two days ago, when he came to lowick to discuss the new hospital, mr lydgate told me everything that happened in connection with mr bulstrode and mr raffles. he told me because i asked him. i believed that he had never acted dishonourably, and i asked him to tell me everything. he confessed that he had never explained it to anyone, not even to you.' dorothea told rosamond the whole story as lydgate had told it to her.when she had finished, rosamond blushed and said, 'thank you. you are very kind.''he feels sorry that he never explained all this to you, but i hope you'll forgive him. it hurts him more than anything that his misfortunes must hurt you. he could speak to me because i wasn't involved, and because he knows that i had troubles in my own marriage. so then i asked him if i could come and see you. that's why i came yesterday and am here today. trouble is so difficult to bear. we must help each other.' her face became animated as she spoke, and she laid her hand on rosamond's. rosamond, overcome with emotion, burst into tears.dorothea had needed a great deal of self-control to speak to rosamond. her own sorrow was still unbearably painful. now she realised that she had, at that moment, a very strong influence over the fragile creature crying by her side. 'this might be a turning-point in three lives,' thought dorothea, trying to control herself and keep back her own tears. 'my life is ruined. nothing can be done about that. but their lives can be rescued from the misery of mistaken relationships.'rosamond's distress was even deeper than dorothea imagined. she had assumed that dorothea felt nothing but jealousy and hatred for her. now it was clear that dorothea had feelings that she - rosamond - had never imagined. she felt as if she were walking in an unknown world.she looked at dorothea openly and without embarrassment, with eyes like blue flowers. what was the use of thinking about behaviour and dignity after this crying? dorothea looked almost as childish, with tears in her eyes. pride was broken down between these two.'marriage is such a terribly close relationship,' began dorothea, timidly. 'even if we love someone else more than our husband, it's no use. we need all our power of loving for the marriage. if we love someone else, that murders the marriage - and the marriage stays with us like a murder - and everything else is gone.' she fell silent, afraid that she had said too much. she was also afraid of sounding as if she herself were perfect. 'i know, i know - the other love may be very strong - it may seem like death to part with it - and we are weak - i am weak -' she stopped in speechless agitation. her face was very pale and her lips trembled. she held both rosamond's hands tightly in her own.rosamond suddenly kissed dorothea on the forehead. for a minute the two women put their arms around each other like two people in a shipwreck. 'you are thinking something that is not true,' said rosamond. 'when you came in yesterday, it was not as you thought. he was telling me that he loved you and he could never love me. and now i think he hates me because you saw him with me yesterday. he told me yesterday that no other woman exists for him besides you. now i have told you, so he shouldn't be angry with me any more.'dorothea felt an emotion too strong to be called joy. they sat together in silence for a while.that evening, lydgate said to rosamond, 'what do you think of mrs casaubon now, rosy?''i think she is better than anyone,' said rosamond, 'and she is very beautiful. if you talk to her often, you will be more discontented with me than ever!'lydgate laughed and touched her hair. 'but has she made you any less discontented with me?''i think she has,' said rosamond, looking at him. 'how tired you look, tertius.' he felt thankful for this little sign of interest. now rosamond had come back to him, and he was there to offer her protection. he had chosen this fragile creature and had taken the burden of her life in his arms. he must carry it carefully for the rest of his life.***a few days later, dorothea was sitting in the library at lowick, looking out of the window at the stormy sky, when tantripp came in.'mr ladislaw is here, madam.''show him in, tantripp,' said dorothea, her heart beating fast.will entered the library and said, 'i am so grateful to you for seeing me.''i wanted to see you,' said dorothea.'i fear you think me foolish and perhaps wrong for coming back so soon,' said will. 'you know - everyone knows now - a painful story about my family. i knew it before i went away. i wanted to tell you about it. mr bulstrode offered me an income, but i refused it. i didn't want an income from him. i was sure you -' he stopped in confusion, even though there was nothing to stop him saying such things now: she knew that he loved her.'you acted as i expected you to act - very honourably,' she said.'i'm sure that this new information about my family has not changed your feeling for me.''no, no. my feeling for you won't change unless i feel that you have changed.''i'll never change. i'll always be true to you.''i know that now,' said dorothea, putting out her hand. he took her hand and raised it to his lips with a sob.dorothea walked over to the window and looked out, 'see how dark the clouds are,' she said.will laid his hat and gloves on the leather chair and followed her to the window. they stood together, looking out as the wind moved the trees and the rain began to fall. 'there is no hope for me,' said will. 'i shouldn't have come today. i intended to go away into silence without a word from you.''don't be sorry,' said dorothea. her lips trembled, and so did his. it was never known which lips were the first to move towards the other lips; but they kissed, and then they moved apart.will turned away from her and said, in an angry voice, 'it is impossible!'dorothea looked at him sadly.'it is terrible to have our life ruined by circumstances,' cried will.'your life need not be ruined,' said dorothea.'yes, it must! it's cruel of you to speak in that way - as if there were any comfort. we'll never be married.''some time - we might,' said dorothea, in a trembling voice.'when?' cried will. 'i'll always be poor. i couldn't offer myself to any woman, even if she had no wealth to renounce.'there was a silence. dorothea wanted to say something, but it was too difficult.will looked angrily out of the window, then he picked up his hat and gloves and said, 'i must go now. goodbye.''oh, i cannot bear it - my heart will break,' said dorothea. her young passion overcame all the difficulties that had kept her silent. tears filled her eyes and she said, 'i don't mind about poverty - i hate my wealth.'in an instant, will was close to her with his arms around her. 'we could live on my own fortune', she said. 'it is too much - seven hundred a year - i want so little - no new clothes - and i will learn what everything costs.'***the lords had just thrown out the reform act. the vicar, mr cadwallader, walked up and down the lawn at freshitt hall, reading the times. sir james was there, and celia with the baby, and mrs cadwallader and lady chettam. just then mr brooke arrived, looking sad and perplexed. 'i suppose you are unhappy about the reform act,' said mr cadwallader.'what? oh yes, the reforms. that too. but i have some sad news for you.''what is it?' asked lady chettam.'dorothea is going to be married again,' said mr brooke.'not to young ladislaw!' cried mrs cadwallader.'yes,' replied mr brooke. 'i tried to convince her not to do it, but it's no use opposing her. she can act as she likes, you know.''this is absolutely scandalous!' cried sir james. 'if ladislaw had any sense of honour, he would have left middlemarch after casaubon's death and never come back. i'm shocked at dorothea's behaviour. after the mention of ladislaw in her husband's will, she should never have seen him again. she degrades herself by marrying him: she goes from her proper social position into poverty. and what kind of man could accept such a sacrifice?''i told her all that,' said mr brooke. 'i said, "my dear, you don't know what it is to live on seven hundred a year and have no carriage." but the fact is that she dislikes casaubon's property. she doesn't want it.''be just, chettam,' said mr cadwallader. 'mrs casaubon may be acting imprudently, but she is doing nothing wrong.''i disagree with you,' replied sir james. 'i think dorothea is doing something wrong in marrying ladislaw.''dodo said she would never marry again,' said celia, wishing to support her husband.'i heard her say that too,' said lady chettam.'there is usually a silent exception in such cases,' said mrs cadwallader. 'but why are you all so surprised? you did nothing to prevent it. and mr casaubon almost arranged this marriage by his unpleasant behaviour in his will.''i'm on ladislaw's side,' said the vicar. 'when i married elinor, i only had a thousand pounds a year. everybody disapproved of me!''but you were a cadwallader,' said his wife with dignity. 'it's difficult to say what mr ladislaw is. the son of a polish piano teacher, was it? the grandson of a pawnbroker?''come on, elinor,' said mr cadwallader. 'it's time for us to go.'finaleevery limit is a beginning as well as an ending. marriage, which has been the end of so many narratives, is still a great beginning. it is the beginning of the home epic. some start out with hope and enthusiasm but get discouraged on the way. all who read about young people's lives are interested in how those lives continued.lydgate's hair never became white. he died when he was only fifty. he had made a lot of money attending rich patients in london and on the continent. when he died, his wife and four daughters were left with a comfortable income. he had written an article on gout, and others regarded him as a successful man. but he always regarded himself as a failure: he had not done what he once intended to do. his friends thought he was very fortunate to have such a charming wife, and rosamond never did anything to change their opinion. her character never changed. she continued to do as she liked. as the years went on, he opposed her less and less. rosamond thought that he had learned the value of her opinion.dorothea always felt that there was something better she could have done with her life. still, she never regretted that she had given up social position and fortune to marry will ladislaw. they loved each other very much. they moved to london, and will became a politician with strong opinions, working well in those hopeful times of reform. he finally became a member of parliament. dorothea was glad that her husband was working hard to help bring justice to the world. many who knew her thought it was a pity that such a rare and impressive woman was nothing but a wife and mother. but no one knew exactly what else she could have done.sir james chettam always thought that dorothea's second marriage was a mistake. and the people of middlemarch continued to talk about her. they said that she was a fine girl who had married a scholar old enough to be her father, and, a year after his death, had given up her fortune to marry his cousin - a young man with no money. those who had never met dorothea usually said that, if she had been 'a nice woman', she would never have married either of these husbands.certainly her life was not ideal. a new saint theresa will not have the opportunity to reform convent life. those heroic days are gone. still, dorothea did some modest good in the world. those who knew her benefited from her goodness, as we all benefit from good people whose lives are not recorded or remembered.