alone in her room that day, dorothea thought about will's grandmother. she thought that julia had been disinherited unjustly. the money she should have inherited had gone instead to mr casaubon. in the will mr casaubon had written after their marriage, all that money was left to dorothea. 'this must be changed,' she thought. 'i will talk to my husband and tell him that he should give mr ladislaw an income now and leave half his fortune to mr ladislaw in his will.'she was blind, you see, to many things that were obvious to others. she did not see that this suggestion might make her husband angry. she did not understand that her husband was jealous of will. she saw nothing outside her own pure intention.that night, as they lay in bed in the darkness, mr casaubon said, 'dorothea, since you are awake, could you please light a candle and read aloud to me for a while?''may i talk to you, instead?' asked dorothea.'certainly.''i've been thinking about money all day. i've always had too much. and in the future, i'll have more money than i should. i'll have money that should have gone to someone else.''what do you mean, my love?''i mean that you've been too generous to me in your will. i've been thinking of your aunt julia. she was left in poverty because she married a poor man. i'm sure you agree that she was unjustly disinherited. that was why you paid for mr ladislaw's education. but surely mr ladislaw should have more - he should have half the property you've left me in your will. and i think he should have an income now. it's wrong that he's poor while we're rich.''has mr ladislaw spoken to you about this?' asked mr casaubon, coldly.'no!' said dorothea, earnestly. 'he only told me a little about his parents and grandparents. i've come to this conclusion on my own, and i must speak about it, because i'm the person who'll benefit from the injustice.''dorothea, my love,' mr casaubon replied, in a quiet but angry voice, 'this is not the first time you have given your opinion about things you don't understand. you shouldn't interfere between me and mr ladislaw, and you shouldn't encourage him to say things to you that are critical of my behaviour.'poor dorothea was full of conflicting emotions. she feared that her husband's anger might cause him to be ill again, but at the same time she felt the intensity of her own misery. 'how can i bear this nightmare of a life?' she thought, as she lay in the darkness, unable to go to sleep.the next day mr casaubon received the following letter from will:dear mr casaubon.you have been very generous to me in the past, but i don't agree with you about the position mr brooke has offered me. it will not make me rich, but it is not dishonourable work. i have a right to live where i want and do the work i want to do. i am sorry if my answer displeases you.yours sincerely,will ladislawpoor mr casaubon was disgusted and suspicious. he felt sure that young ladislaw intended to make him angry and to turn dorothea against him. it was clear that will wanted to stay in middlemarch so that he could be near dorothea. mr casaubon did not suspect dorothea of infidelity, but he knew that she liked ladislaw and was influenced by what he said. mr casaubon still thought that dorothea had asked her uncle to invite ladislaw to tipton grange. he had been too proud to ask her about it, and he was still proud and silent. but he had forbidden ladislaw to come to lowick, and he was planning another way to frustrate his young cousin's plans.sir james chettam was very worried about the management of mr brooke's farms. celia had given birth to a son a few months before. sir james felt it was now his responsibility to see that all the family's properties were well managed. mr brooke's farms were in a terrible condition. his farmers were very poor and discontented. sir james felt that this was bad for the entire neighbourhood. 'perhaps dorothea can persuade him to do something about it,' thought the young baronet. so one day he took dorothea through mr brooke's estate on her way home from visiting celia at freshitt hall. he explained to dorothea exactly what was wrong with the management of her uncle's farms, then he said, 'i'm afraid i must leave you at tipton grange, but the carriage i will come soon to take you back to lowick.'so dorothea entered her uncle's house and found him sitting in the library with will ladislaw. will had been very bored all afternoon, helping mr brooke to organise his documents. when dorothea walked in, will blushed and stood up. he felt as if he had received an electric shock.'hello, my dear,' said mr brooke. 'how nice to see you.'dorothea kissed her uncle and shook will's hand. 'uncle,' she said. 'sir james has just been telling me about your farms. he hopes that you will spend some money to improve them and hire a new farm manager. tipton could be such a happy place, if it were managed more efficiently.''yes, my dear,' said mr brooke nervously, 'but i've no plans to do anything like that at present.''sir james thinks you'll do it because you are running for parliament. you say you want reform and better lives for the common people. if you want to make things better, you should start with your own farms. think of poor kit downes, who lives with his wife and seven children in a house with one bedroom the size of this table! think of the dagley family: their house is full of rats! that is one reason i never liked the paintings here at tipton grange, uncle. i used to come home from the village, which was so dirty and poor, to the drawing-room here, full of pictures of simpering rich people. it seemed to me an attempt to delight in what is false instead of caring about the hard truth of our neighbours' poverty.'dorothea spoke with great energy. will was full of admiration for her, but he felt that she was suddenly distant from him. a man is rarely ashamed of feeling that he cannot love a woman as much when he sees a certain greatness in her. most men feel that nature intended greatness for men.'yes, my dear,' replied mr brooke, 'but i don't agree about the paintings. the fine arts are very important.'just then a servant came in and told mr brooke that one of dagley's sons had killed a rabbit.'i'll come and talk to him,' said mr brooke, then, looking at dorothea, he continued, 'i'll be gentle with him, don't worry, my dear, but the rabbits are mine. dagley's son has no right to kill the rabbits.'when mr brooke had left the room, will said to dorothea, 'may i speak to you? this could be my only opportunity.''what is it?' asked dorothea, anxiously.'do you know that mr casaubon has forbidden me to come to lowick?''no, i didn't know. i'm very sorry,' said dorothea, thinking about the conversation with her husband in the darkness.'he did so because he didn't want me to work for mr brooke, but i accepted the position anyway. he has no right to tell me how to live. there is nothing dishonourable about my work for mr brooke.''we had better not talk about it, since you and mr casaubon disagree,' said dorothea.'we'll never see each other now,' said will.'no. but i'll hear about you from my uncle.''i won't hear about you. no one will tell me what you are doing.''oh, my life's very simple. i'm always at lowick.''that's a terrible imprisonment!' cried will, impetuously.'no, don't think that,' said dorothea. 'i've no desires for myself. i only wish i didn't have so much when others have so little. but i believe that if you desire what is perfectly good - even if you don't know what it is and can't accomplish it - you are part of the divine power against evil.''that is a beautiful mysticism -''don't call it by a name. it is my religion. what's your religion? i mean, what belief helps you the most?''to love what is good and beautiful when i see it,' said will. 'but i am a rebel: i don't feel obliged, as you do, to submit to what i don't like.'***lydgate and rosamond had been married. soon after returning from the wedding-journey, lydgate went to lowick. mrcasaubon had never asked lydgate or dorothea how serious his illness was. he did not want their pity. but now he was anxious. he needed to know how much time he had left to complete his life's work - the key to all mythologies. and another thing troubled him even more deeply: if he died soon, dorothea might marry will ladislaw. this possibility made him furious.on the day of lydgate's visit, mr casaubon was walking under the yew trees in his garden, thinking about his anger and the reasons for it. 'when i married dorothea,' he reasoned to himself, 'i had to take care of her well-being in case i died. i've left her a lot of money and property in my will, but that won't secure her well-being. on the contrary, a rich young widow is exposed to danger. she'll be easy prey for any man who can win her affection. will ladislaw is such a man. he has no principles. he'll marry her for her fortune and to revenge himself on me. she already believes that half the money i've left her in my will is rightly his. he's inconsistent and immoral. if dorothea married him, she wouldn't be happy. it's my duty to prevent her from marrying him.'when lydgate arrived, the servant took him to the garden. lydgate saw mr casaubon walking, with his head bent forward, deep in thought. lydgate thought that mr casaubon looked even older and thinner than he had two months before.'hello, mr lydgate,' said mr casaubon. 'could we walk together here under the trees? i wish to discuss something 'important.''certainly,' lydgate replied.'i've been working on a book for many years. this work, which has taken up most of my adult life, is very important to me. indeed, i hope it will be an important contribution to my field of study as a whole. i might die before it is published. if so, i would like to leave it in such a state that it could be published after my death by - others.'here mr casaubon paused.'you wish me to tell you how serious your illness is?' asked lydgate, trying to help.'yes. i want to know the truth.''then i will be perfectly honest with you, mr casaubon. you suffer from degeneration of the heart. death is often sudden from this disease. on the other hand, you could live comfortably for another fifteen years.'mr casaubon was grateful for lydgate's plain speech. he knew it was intended as a sign of respect. 'thank you, mr lydgate,' he said. 'i've just one more question. did you tell mrs casaubon this?''yes,' replied lydgate. he wanted to explain why he had told dorothea, but mr casaubon said began to talk about the weather.***dorothea noticed that her husband was more thoughtful than usual. she decided to visit mr lydgate to ask him about his recent conversation with mr casaubon. but when dorothea arrived at lydgate's house, the servant told her that he was not in.'is mrs lydgate at home?' asked dorothea. 'could i speak to her for a few minutes?' she could hear music coming from an open window: a piano playing and a man's voice. then the music stopped and the servant came back and asked dorothea to follow her to the drawing-room.rosamond was very surprised and pleased to see mrs casaubon. she always liked to talk to the gentry and to feel that they accepted her. on her wedding-journey, she had met her husband's uncle sir godwin lydgate, and he had been very nice to her. she was glad that today she was wearing one of her most elegant and fashionable dresses. dorothea herself was dressed plainly in white.'hello, mrs lydgate,' said dorothea, looking admiringly at lydgate's lovely bride. 'i'm so sorry to interrupt you. i wish to talk to mr lydgate. could you tell me where i can find him?'just then she noticed that will ladislaw was standing in the corner of the room. 'oh! hello,' she said. 'i did not expect to see you here.''my husband is at the new hospital,' said rosamond.'i could go and tell him that you wish to speak to him,' said will eagerly, coming forward.'no, thank you,' said dorothea. 'i will go and speak to him there.as the carriage drove off, dorothea thought about her own behaviour. she had left the lydgates' house very quickly. one reason was that she felt she should not talk to will, because her husband did not wish her to do so. but there was another stronger reason. she was surprised to see will ladislaw passing his time singing with mrs lydgate in her husband's absence. then she remembered that will had passed time with her under similar circumstances, so surely there was nothing wrong with it. but will was mr casaubon's relative. as mr casaubon's wife, she was expected to be kind to his cousin. nevertheless, she now saw that mr casaubon had been displeased by his cousin's visits in his own absence. 'perhaps i have been mistaken in many things,' said poor dorothea to herself, and tears came into her eyes. she felt confused and unhappy.back in mrs lydgate's drawing-room, will felt mortified. his chances of meeting dorothea were rare, but he wished she had not seen him in rosamond's drawing-room, passing his time among the middlemarch middle classes, enjoying the company of the charming and musical mrs lydgate. will stood up to leave. 'it is always fatal to have music or poetry interrupted,' he said. 'can i come another day?''certainly,' said rosamond. 'you must admit that the interruption was a very beautiful one. is she very clever?''i never thought about it,' said will.that's exactly what tertius said when i asked him if she were handsome. what do you gentlemen think of when you're with mrs casaubon?''herself,' said will. 'when one sees a perfect woman, one never thinks of her characteristics - one is conscious of her presence.''i'll be jealous when tertius goes to lowick,' said rosamond, smiling. 'he'll come back and think nothing of me.''that hasn't been her effect on him up to now. mrs casaubon is very different from other women. one never thinks of comparing them with her.'that evening, when lydgate came home, rosamond said, 'mr ladislaw was here singing with me when mrs casaubon came in. he seemed distressed. do you think he disliked her seeing him at our house? surely your position is equal to his.''no,' lydgate replied. 'if he was really distressed, it must have been for some other reason. ladislaw doesn't care about social distinctions.''he's a good singer, but he wasn't very pleasant to me. do you like him?''yes. i think he is a good fellow. he's a bit of a dilettante, but i like him.''i think he adores mrs casaubon.''poor devil!' said lydgate, smiling and kissing his wife's hand.'why do you say that?''when a man falls in love, he neglects his work and spends too much money.''i'm sure you don't neglect your work,' said rosamond.'i have great ambitions, rosy, and i'm sure you want me to be something better than a middlemarch doctor.''what did mrs casaubon want to say to you?''she asked me about her husband's health. but then we talked about the new hospital, and i think she is going to give us two hundred a year. isn't that splendid?'***after his conversation with lydgate, mr casaubon began the final stage of his research: deciding which of his notes to put in the book and which to omit. every evening, dorothea read aloud from his notes, while her husband walked back and forwards, saying 'that will go in the book' and 'we will omit that.'dorothea was tired and sad. this work seemed so hopeless to her.one night, just before they went to sleep, mr casaubon said, 'dorothea, if i die, will you carry out my wishes?'dorothea was not surprised. she had realised, during these last few days of intense work, that he wished her to prepare the key to all mythologies for publication after his death. she did not answer immediately.'do you refuse?' he asked, coldly.'no. i don't refuse,' said dorothea, 'but i can't promise to do something if i don't know what it is.''i'm asking you to trust my judgement: you refuse.''no, dear, no!' cried dorothea. 'but can i think about it for a while? i desire with all my soul to comfort you. please give me time. i'll answer you tomorrow.''until tomorrow, then,' said mr casaubon.soon she could hear that he was sleeping, but she could not sleep. she lay awake thinking of all the days and months and years of work her husband was asking her to do. she no longer believed that the key to all mythologies contained important truths. despite her poor education, she could see more clearly than he in this matter. although she felt very sorry that her husband had wasted his life on this dry and empty work, now she began to feel more sorry for her own future than for his past. and yet, how could she refuse? 'if he lives for fifteen more years,' thought dorothea, 'i'll certainly spend those years helping him with his work. so how can i tell him that i won't help him after his death? he's suffered so much; how can i add to the disappointment of his life?'for hours dorothea lay in this conflict, until, in the early hours of the morning, she finally fell asleep. when she awoke, mr casaubon was already downstairs.as dorothea went to the library, she thought, 'i'll promise to do as he wishes, but later today, not now.'when she entered the library, mr casaubon said, 'good morning, my dear. i'm not feeling well this morning, so i won't work. i'll take a walk under the yew trees instead.''i'm glad to hear that. you seemed so anxious last night. you need to rest.''i hope you can calm my anxiety, dorothea, by giving me your answer.''i'll come to you in the garden soon and give it to you,' said dorothea.when mr casaubon had gone out, dorothea sat for a while in the library. she felt that she was going to sacrifice her own life in this promise. finally, she went out into the garden. when she came to the yew trees, she could not see her husband. then she saw him, sitting at a stone table. his arms lay on the table and his head on his arms. she thought, 'how tired he is!'she walked up to him and said, 'here i am. i'm ready.'he did not reply. she thought he must be asleep. she put her hand on his shoulder and repeated, 'i'm ready.' still he did not reply. she cried out in distress, 'wake up, dear. i've come to give my answer.'but dorothea never gave her answer: her husband was dead.later that day, lydgate sat by her bed. she was talking deliriously. she knew that lydgate was there. she seemed to think it was right to explain everything to him. she told him all her conflicting thoughts of the night before. again and again, she asked him to explain everything to her husband.'tell him i'll go to him soon: i'm ready to promise. but thinking about it was so terrible. it made me ill. not very ill. i'll be better soon. go and tell him.'the day after mr casaubon's funeral, sir james and mr brooke stood in the library at lowick. dorothea was still ill in bed.'i wish she didn't have to know about this,' said sir james, in disgust. 'we won't tell her until she is well again. as soon as she's able to move, we'll take her to freshitt hall. being with celia and the baby will be the best thing in the world for her. meanwhile, you must get rid of ladislaw. tell him he must leave middlemarch immediately.''how can i do that?' asked mr brooke.'my dear sir,' said sir james angrily, 'you brought him here, and you give him the work that keeps him here!''yes, but i can't dismiss him without giving a reason. ladislaw's work has been very good.''it's unfortunate that he ever came here. casaubon behaved very badly in writing this new part of his will. it was a mean action and an insult to dorothea! casaubon was clearly jealous of ladislaw. the world will think that dorothea gave him some reason to be jealous. it was mean and ungentlemanly of casaubon to link dorothea's name with this young fellow's in the will.''i don't think it's that important,' said mr brooke. 'anyway, sending ladislaw away won't stop gossip, you know,' said mr brooke. 'i could dismiss ladislaw from his work on the newspaper, but i can't force him to leave middlemarch if he doesn't want to go. besides, dorothea doesn't want to marry ladislaw.''casaubon's will says that, if she marries ladislaw, she will get none of casaubon's money. that will make everyone think that she does want to marry him. i don't believe that she does, but i suspect ladislaw.''if i send him away,' said mr brooke, 'people will think that we don't trust dorothea.''i suppose that's true,' said sir james. mr brooke was pleased to have won the argument. the election was not far away. he needed ladislaw to help him in his election campaign.no gossip about mr casaubon's will reached ladislaw. everyone was talking about the coming election. will ladislaw was very busy preparing for it. although dorothea was always in his thoughts, he did not like people to speak to him about her. when lydgate mentioned her to him, will replied, 'i never see mrs casaubon, and i am not likely to see her in future.'will noticed that mr brooke invited him to tipton grange much less frequently than before. he concluded that dorothea's family wanted to keep him away from her. 'they suspect me of trying to win the favour of a rich woman,' thought will. 'but i'll show them that they are mistaken. i'm divided from her forever.'he thought of leaving middlemarch to prove that he was not the fortune-hunter they thought him to be. but the election was coming, and will believed in reform. he wanted to help mr brooke get elected and then to make sure that he actually voted in parliament for the reform act. will had worked so hard to do this that he could not leave now.mr bulstrode lived with his wife at the shrubs, a fine house in middlemarch. one evening, as mr bulstrode was standing in his garden, he saw a strange man in black clothes walking up the path. as the man approached, mr bulstrode went pale. 'hello, nick!' cried the man. 'do you remember me?' he sounded a little drunk.'certainly i remember you, mr raffles,' said bulstrode, quietly.'i still recognise you, though twenty-five years have changed us both! come and shake my hand.'reluctantly, the pale banker shook the hand of this loud red-faced man.'i see you've given up the london business and become a country gentleman,' said raffles. 'the old lady must have died a long time ago. i suppose she never knew how poor her daughter was. good lord, nick, you're pale! let's go into the house together.'in the evening of his life, mr bulstrode had thought of penitence as something private between himself and god. he had done many charitable works to compensate for his youthful sins. but now this horrible figure had come from his past, perhaps to humiliate him publicly and expose his sins to the world.'please don't call me "nick". we were never intimate in the past,' said mr bulstrode, coldly.'ah!' replied raffles. 'i always called you "nick" in my heart and in memory. my feelings for you have matured like fine old cognac. i hope you've got some in the house now.'they reached the house, and mr bulstrode told the servant to take care of his guest. when he was alone with raffles in the dining-room, bulstrode said, 'we don't like each other, mr raffles, so you'd better leave here as soon as possible. you're welcome to stay the night, but tomorrow morning you should tell me what business brings you here and then leave.''i'll gladly stay the night,' said raffles. 'i might even stay longer. it's a nice place.''why didn't you stay in america?' asked bulstrode. 'i thought, when i gave you the money to go, that you wanted to spend the rest of your life there.''i did spend ten years there, but i didn't like it. i won't go back.''do you want me to find work for you?''no, thank you. i'm not as strong as i once was. i want an independent income.''if you promise to stay away from me, i'll give you one,' said bulstrode.'i don't promise anything,' replied raffles. 'years ago, you made a lot of money from my silence. i could've told the old woman that i'd found her daughter and grandchild. you paid me very little for my silence then. now the old woman is dead, and you have all her money. i looked for sarah dunkirk again, later on, though i didn't tell you. i discovered her husband's name. what was it now? something beginning with an "l"... anyway, i don't promise anything. i'm a free man, and i'll return if i want to. why don't you give me two hundred pounds? then i'll go away tomorrow.'mr bulstrode agreed to give him the money the next morning. as raffles began to eat his dinner, he suddenly remembered the name. 'that's it!' he cried. 'ladislaw!'the next morning, mr bulstrode gave raffles two hundred pounds and watched in relief as the coach took him away from middlemarch.