the ladies of longbourn soon visited those of netherfield. the visit was formally returned. miss bennet's pleasing manners continued to win the approval of mrs hurst and miss bingley, and though the mother was considered to be unbearable, and the younger sisters not worth speaking to, a wish was expressed to be better acquainted with the two oldest. this attention was received by jane with the greatest pleasure, but elizabeth saw pride in their treatment of everybody, even her sister, and could not like them. but it was plain that their brother did admire jane, and elizabeth observed that jane was giving way to the preference which she had begun to feel for him from the first, and was beginning to be very much in love.while elizabeth was watching mr bingley's attentions to her sister, she did not realize that she herself was becoming an object of some interest in the eyes of his friend. mr darcy had at first hardly admitted her to be pretty; he had seen her without admiration at the ball, and when they next met, he looked at her only to criticize. but he had no sooner decided that no single part of her face was particularly attractive than he began to find that the whole was made uncommonly intelligent by the beautiful expression of her dark eyes. she was completely unconscious of this. to her, he was only the man who had made himself agreeable nowhere, and who had not thought her attractive enough to dance with.he began to wish to know her better.one day, a large party was amusing itself at sir william lucas's. a number of young ladies, and two or three army officers, were occupied in dancing at one end of the room. mr darcy stood near them, and sir william was trying to make conversation with him. as elizabeth moved towards them at this moment, sir william was struck with the idea of doing the polite thing, and called out to her:'my dear miss eliza, why are you not dancing? mr darcy, you must allow me to present this young lady to you as a very desirable partner. you cannot refuse to dance, i am sure, when so much beauty is in front of you.' and, taking her hand, he would have given it to mr darcy, who, though extremely surprised, was not unwilling to receive it, when she immediately pulled away, and said in some confusion to sir william:'sir, i have not the least intention of dancing. please do not suppose that i moved this way in order to beg for a partner.'mr darcy, with great politeness, requested to be allowed the honour of her hand, but without success. elizabeth was determined, and sir william's attempt at persuasion met with no success.'you are such an excellent dancer, miss eliza, that it is cruel to refuse me the happiness of seeing you, and though this gentleman dislikes the amusement in general, he can have no objection, i am sure, to doing us this honour for one half-hour.''mr darcy is all politeness,' said elizabeth smiling. she turned away. her refusal had not harmed her in the gentleman's opinion, and he thought of her with some admiration.***the village of longbourn was only one mile from the town of meryton - a most convenient distance for the young ladies, who usually went there three or four times a week to make a visit to an aunt, mrs philips, who was married to a lawyer, and to look at a hat shop just over the way. the two youngest of the family, catherine and lydia, were particularly frequent in these attentions. they always managed to learn some news, and at present they were well supplied by the arrival of a regiment in the neighbourhood, which would remain for the whole winter. they could talk of nothing but officers.after listening one morning to their excited remarks on this subject, mr bennet sharply observed:'from all that i can understand from your manner of talking, you must be two of the silliest girls in the country.'kitty was a little ashamed, and did not answer, but lydia laughed loudly.'i am astonished, my dear,' said mrs bennet, 'that you should be so ready to think your own children silly. as a matter of fact, they are all very clever.''this is the only point on which we do not agree.'mrs bennet was prevented from replying by the entrance of a servant with a note for miss bennet. it came from netherfield. mrs bennet's eyes brightened with pleasure, and she called out eagerly, while her daughter read:'well, jane, who is it from? what is it about? what does he say? well, jane, hurry up and tell us.''it is from miss bingley,' said jane, and then read it aloud:netherfield park 10th octobermy dear jane,will you be so kind as to come to dinner today with louisa and me? we are all alone. come as soon as you can on receiving this. my brother and the gentlemen are to have dinner with the officers.yours ever, caroline bingley.'having dinner out,' said mrs bennet, 'that is very unlucky.''can i have the carriage?' asked jane.'no, my dear, you had better go on horseback, because it seems likely to rain and then you must stay all night.''that would be a good idea,' said elizabeth, 'if you were sure that they would not offer to send her home.''oh, but the gentlemen will have used mr bingley's carriage to go to meryton.''i would much rather go in the carriage,' repeated jane.'but, my dear, your father does not have enough horses. they are wanted on the farm.'jane was therefore forced to go on horseback, and her mother followed her to the door with many cheerful wishes for bad weather. her hopes were answered. jane had not been gone long before it rained hard. her sisters were anxious for her, but her mother was pleased. the rain continued the whole evening. jane certainly could not come back.'this was a good idea of mine!' said mrs bennet.breakfast was hardly over next morning when a servant from netherfield brought a note for elizabeth from jane to say that she was unwell.'well, my dear,' said mr bennet, when elizabeth had read the note out loud, 'if your daughter should have a dangerous attack of illness - if she should die - it will be a comfort to know that it was all the result of going after mr bingley, and following your orders.''oh, i am not afraid of her dying. people do not die of little things like colds. they will take good care of her.'elizabeth, feeling really anxious, decided to go to her sister. the carriage was not available, and as she did not ride a horse, walking was her only possible way.'how can you be so silly,' said her mother, 'in all this mud! you will not be fit to be seen when you get there.''i shall be very fit to see jane, which is all i want.''we will go as far as meryton with you,' offered lydia and kitty. elizabeth accepted their company, and the three young ladies set off together.at meryton they parted, and elizabeth continued her walk alone, crossing field after field impatiently, and finding herself at last within sight of the house, with tired feet, dirty shoes, and a face bright with the warmth of exercise.her appearance caused a great deal of surprise. elizabeth guessed that mrs hurst and miss bingley were scornful that she should walk 3 miles so early and in such weather. she was received, though, very politely, and in their brother's manner was something better than politeness - kindness and pleasure. mr darcy said very little. he was occupied with admiring the brightness that exercise had added to the colour in her face.her sister jane had hardly slept at all, and was feverish. the doctor came, advised her to return to bed, and promised some medicine. the fever increased, and her head ached badly.elizabeth stayed with her until three o'clock, and then felt she must go. but jane showed such disappointment at parting from her that miss bingley was forced to invite her to remain at netherfield for the present, and elizabeth thankfully accepted this offer. a servant was sent to longbourn to tell the family of her stay and to bring back a supply of clothes.***at half past six, elizabeth was called to dinner. jane was not at all better. mr bingley's sisters, on hearing this, repeated three or four times how sorry they were, how unpleasant it was to have a bad cold, and how very much they disliked being ill themselves, and then thought no more of the matter. their lack of real feeling towards jane, when she was not actually in their presence, brought back to elizabeth all her original dislike of them.their brother was in fact the only one whose anxiety for jane seemed sincere. his attentions to elizabeth herself were most pleasing, and they prevented her from feeling herself such an unwelcome guest as she believed she was considered to be by the others.when dinner was over, she returned directly to jane, and miss bingley began criticizing her as soon as she was out of the room. how poor her manners were - a mixture of pride and lack of good family. she had no powers of conversation, no style, no taste, no beauty. mrs hurst thought the same, and added:'there is nothing to admire in her except being an excellent walker. i shall never forget her appearance this morning. she really looked almost wild.''she certainly did, louisa. her hair so untidy!''yes, and her skirt! i hope you saw her skirt, covered in mud.''i thought miss elizabeth bennet looked extremely well when she came into the room this morning,' said mr bingley. 'her dirty skirt quite escaped my notice. her coming shows a concern for her sister that is very pleasing.''i am afraid, mr darcy,' observed miss bingley, in a half- whisper, 'that this adventure has rather lessened your admiration for her fine eyes.''not at all,' he replied. 'they were brightened by the exercise.'a short pause followed this speech, and mrs hurst began again:'i am extremely fond of jane bennet. she is really a very sweet girl. i wish with all my heart that she were well settled. but with such parents, and such low relations, i am afraid there is no chance of it.''it must greatly lessen her chance of marrying a man of good position,' replied mr darcy.mr bingley made no answer to this speech, but his sisters gave it their full agreement, and continued for some time to make fun of their dear friend's inferior relations.elizabeth spent most of the night in her sister's room, and in the morning requested that a note be sent to longbourn, asking her mother to visit jane and form her own judgment on her condition. the note was immediately sent, and mrs bennet, with her two youngest girls, reached netherfield soon after breakfast.if mrs bennet had found jane in any real danger, she would have been very upset, but when she was satisfied that her illness was not serious, she had no wish for her immediate recovery, as her return to health would probably remove her from netherfield. she would not listen, therefore, to her daughter's proposal of being taken home; nor did the doctor, who arrived at about the same time, think it advisable.mrs bennet repeated her thanks to mr bingley for his kindness to jane, with an apology for troubling him also with lizzy. mr bingley was eager that his two guests should remain, and forced his younger sister to be polite too. she did this duty, even if rather unwillingly, but mrs bennet was satisfied, and left soon after that.the day passed much as the day before had done. jane was slowly recovering. in the evening, elizabeth joined the company in the sitting room, and took up some needlework. mr darcy was writing a letter.when that business was over, he asked miss bingley and elizabeth to play some music. miss bingley moved eagerly to the piano. after a polite request for elizabeth to begin the performance, which elizabeth refused with equal politeness, miss bingley seated herself.mrs hurst sang with her sister; and while they were employed in this, elizabeth could not help noticing how frequently mr darcy's eyes fixed themselves on her. she could hardly imagine that she could be an object of admiration to so great a man, but it seemed even stranger that he should look at her so, because she knew he disliked her. she could only suppose that she drew his attention because there was something wrong about her. the supposition did not upset her; she liked him too little to care for his opinion.soon after, as miss bingley began to play a lively scottish tune, mr darcy, approaching elizabeth, said to her:'do you not feel a great desire, miss bennet, to seize such an opportunity for a dance?'she smiled, but made no answer. he repeated the question, with some surprise at her silence.'oh,' she said, 'i heard you before, but i could not decide immediately on what to say in reply. you wanted me, i know, to say "yes", so that you might have the pleasure of thinking badly of my taste, but i always enjoy defeating such intentions. i have, therefore, made up my mind to tell you that i do not want to dance; and now, think badly of me if you dare.''i do not dare.'elizabeth, having rather expected to offend him, was astonished at his politeness, but there was a mixture of sweetness and intelligence in her manner that made it difficult for her to offend anybody. darcy had never been so attracted to any woman as he was to her. he really believed that, if it were not for her inferior relations, he would be in some danger of falling in love.miss bingley saw, or thought she saw, enough to be jealous, and her anxiety for the recovery of her dear friend jane was increased by her desire to get rid of elizabeth.as a result of an agreement between the two sisters, elizabeth wrote the next morning to her mother to beg her to send the carriage for them during that day. mrs bennet sent them a reply that they could not possibly have it before tuesday. but elizabeth had decided that she could stay no longer, nor did she very much expect that she would be encouraged to. she urged jane to borrow mr bingley's carriage immediately.the master of the house heard with real sorrow that they were leaving so soon, and repeatedly tried to persuade the older miss bennet that it was not safe for her, but jane was always able to be decisive when she believed herself to be right.it was welcome news to mr darcy. elizabeth attracted him more than he wished. he decided to be particularly careful that no sign of admiration should now escape him. he kept steadily to his purpose, and hardly spoke to her through the whole of the day, and although they were at one time left by themselves for half an hour, he kept firmly to his book and would not even look at her.on the next morning, they left for home. they were not welcomed back very gladly by their mother, but their father was really happy to see them. the evening conversation had lost much of its liveliness, and most of its good sense, during the absence of jane and elizabeth.