elizabeth had been a good deal disappointed in not hearing from jane on their arrival at lambton, and this disappointment was renewed on both mornings that had now been spent there, but on the third her anxiety was relieved by receiving two letters together, of which the earlier one had been sent elsewhere because the address was not clearly written.her aunt and uncle set out on a walk, leaving her to enjoy them in quiet. the earlier one had been written five days before, and began with an account of their little parties and social events and unimportant local news, but the second half, which was dated a day later, gave more important information. it said:since writing yesterday, dearest lizzy, something of a most unexpected and serious nature has happened. what i have to say concerns poor lydia. an urgent message from colonel forster came at twelve last night, just as we had all gone to bed, to inform us that she had gone off to scotland with one of his officers - to tell the truth, with wickham! imagine our surprise. but to kitty it does not seem completely unexpected. i am very, very sorry. such an unwise marriage on both sides! they went off on saturday night at about twelve, but were not missed until yesterday morning. i must end this letter, because i cannot spend long away from my poor mother, who is sadly troubled. i am afraid that you will not be able to read this letter, for i hardly know what i have written.without allowing herself time for consideration, elizabeth immediately seized the other letter and, opening it with the greatest impatience, read as follows:by this time, my dearest sister, you will have received my hurried letter. i hope this will be clearer, but my head is so confused that i cannot be certain of it. dearest lizzy, i have bad news for you, and it cannot be delayed. although a marriage between mr wickham and our poor lydia would be very unwise, we are now anxious to be sure that the ceremony has actually been performed. though lydia left a short note for mrs forster giving her the idea that they were going to gretna green, something that denny said showed his belief that wickham never intended to go there, or to marry lydia at all. this was repeated to colonel forster, who immediately became anxious and set out in search of them. he managed to follow their course, but only as far as london, where they have disappeared. after making every possible inquiry, he kindly came on to longbourn and told us the bad news.our anxiety, my dear lizzy, is very great. my mother and father believe the worst has happened, but i cannot think so badly of wickham. perhaps they have some reason for being married privately in town. my poor mother is really ill, and as for my father, i never in my life saw him so troubled. poor kitty has to bear our parents' anger for having hidden the nature of their friendship, but as it was a matter of confidence, one cannot be surprised that she did so. i am truly glad, dearest lizzy, that you have been saved from some of these scenes, but now that the first shock is over, shall i admit that i greatly wish for your return? but i am not so unkind as to urge it, if it is inconvenient. my father is going to london immediately to try to discover lydia, but the extreme state of his feelings will not allow him to act in the wisest way. at a time like this, my uncle's advice and help would be everything in the world.'oh, where, where is my uncle?' cried elizabeth, jumping from her seat as she finished the letter, in eagerness to follow him without loss of time. but as she reached the door, it was opened by a servant, and mr darcy appeared. her pale face and hurried manner struck him immediately, and before he could recover from his surprise, she quickly said, 'i beg your pardon, but i must leave you. i must find mr gardiner this moment on business that cannot be delayed.''oh, heavens! what is the matter?' he cried, with more feeling than politeness. then, calming himself, he added, 'i will not keep you a minute, but let me, or let the servant, go after mr gardiner. you are not well enough. you cannot go yourself elizabeth paused, but her knees trembled under her and, calling back the servant, she gave him the message. when he had left the room, she sat down, unable to support herself, and looked so ill and unhappy that it was impossible for darcy to leave her, or to prevent himself from saying, in a voice of gentleness and sympathy, 'let me call a woman for you. is there nothing you could take to give yourself some relief? shall i get you a glass of wine? you are very ill.''no, i thank you,' she replied, trying to recover herself. 'i am quite well. i am only anxious about some terrible news from home.'she burst into tears as she mentioned it, and for a few minutes could not speak another word. finally she went on, 'my youngest sister has left all her friends - has run away - has thrown herself into the power of - of mr wickham. she has no money, nothing that he could want - she is ruined forever.'darcy stood still with astonishment.'when i consider,' elizabeth added, 'that i might have prevented it! i, who knew what he really was. but it is too late!'darcy quietly expressed his sympathy, and elizabeth, in answer to his inquiries, told him what details she knew. he hardly seemed to hear her, and was walking up and down in deep thought, with a serious and troubled expression on his face. elizabeth immediately understood. her power over him was sinking under such a proof of family weakness, such a certainty of the deepest dishonour. she could neither blame him, nor feel any surprise, but the situation was exactly of a kind to make her understand her own wishes, and she had never so honestly felt that she could have loved him as now, when all love must be without hope.but her own troubles were soon swallowed up in the memory of lydia and, covering her face with her hands, she was soon lost to everything else. after a pause of several minutes, she was brought back to the present situation by the voice of her companion, who said, 'this unfortunate affair will, i fear, prevent my sister's having the pleasure of seeing you at pemberley today.''oh, yes! please be kind enough to apologize for us to miss darcy. say that urgent business calls us home. hide the truth as long as possible.'he agreed to do so and, with only one serious parting look, went away. as he left the room, elizabeth felt how improbable it was that they should ever see each other again in such a friendly way. looking back over the whole of their acquaintance, so full of differences and variety, she felt saddened at the awkward change in her feelings, which would now have encouraged its continuance, and would formerly have been glad at its ending.if grateful feelings and respect form part of love, elizabeth's change of feelings will be considered neither improbable nor faulty. the fact is certain that she saw him go with sadness and found additional pain in this early example of what lydia's behaviour must produce. she had no hope of wickham meaning to marry her sister. she had never noticed, while the regiment was in meryton, that lydia had any special liking for him, but she was sure that lydia only needed encouragement to form a strong relationship with anybody. sometimes one officer, sometimes another had been her favourite. though she did not suppose lydia to be purposely running away without the intention of marriage, she believed that she would easily be tricked by a deceitful man.mr and mrs gardiner had hurried back, worried, and elizabeth told them the cause of her message. although lydia had never been a favourite with them, they could not help being deeply shocked. after they had expressed their feelings of sympathy, mr gardiner promised every help that it was in his power to give, and everything concerning their journey was speedily arranged.'but what is to be done about pemberley?' cried mrs gardiner.'i told mr darcy that we should not be able to go there tonight. that is all settled.''what is all settled?' repeated mrs gardiner to herself, as she ran to her room to get herself ready for travelling. 'and do they know each other so well that she can tell him the real truth? how i wish that i knew!'packing had to be done, and notes had to be written to all their friends in lambton, with excuses for their leaving so suddenly. an hour, though, was enough to complete everything, and at the end of that hour elizabeth found herself seated in the carriage, on the road to longbourn.chapter twenty onemr gardiner goes to londonthey travelled as quickly as possible, and, having slept one night on the way, reached longbourn by dinnertime the next day.the little gardiners, attracted by the sight of the carriage, were standing on the steps of the house, and the joyful surprise that lit up their faces was the travellers' first welcome.elizabeth jumped out, gave each of them a quick kiss, and hurried into the hall, where jane, who came running downstairs from her mother's room, met her immediately.as elizabeth greeted her warmly, tears filled the eyes of both sisters. the younger, though, did not lose a moment before asking whether anything had been heard of the missing pair.'not yet,' replied jane.'is our father in town?''yes, he went on tuesday.''and have you heard from him often?''only once, to say that he had arrived and to give me his address. he only added that he would not write again until he had something important to mention.''and our mother - how is she?''fairly well, though her nerves are troubling her a great deal, and she is still in bed. mary and kitty, thank heaven, are quite well.''but you - how are you?' cried elizabeth. 'you look pale. how much you must have suffered!'her sister told her that she was perfectly well, and their conversation, which had been continued while mr and mrs gardiner were with their children, was now ended by the approach of the whole party.mrs bennet, to whose room they all went, received them exactly as might be expected, with tears and expressions of sadness, angry words against wickham, and complaints of her own sufferings. she blamed everybody but the person who, by bringing up her daughter so carelessly, was chiefly responsible for her faults.'if i had been able,' she said, 'to go to brighton with all my family, this would never have happened - but poor dear lydia had no one to look after her. poor dear child! and now here's mr bennet gone away, and i know he'll fight wickham, and then he'll be killed, and what will become of us all? the collinses will turn us out before he is cold in his grave and if you are not kind to us, brother, i do not know what we shall do.'they all comforted her against such terrible ideas, and mr gardiner told her that he would go directly to london and give mr bennet every help in his search.'oh, my dear brother,' replied mrs bennet, 'that is exactly what i could most wish for. and now do, when you get to town, find them, wherever they may be, and if they are not already married, make them marry. and as for clothes for the wedding, do not let them wait for that, but tell lydia that she shall have as much money as she chooses to buy them, after they are married. and above all things, keep mr bennet from fighting. tell him what a terrible state i am in - that i am frightened to death, and have such tremblings all over me, and such pains in my head, and such beatings of my heart that i can get no rest by night or by day. and tell my dear lydia not to give any orders about her clothes until she has seen me, because she does not know the best shops. oh, brother, how kind you are! i know that you will manage everything.'mr gardiner could not avoid advising her not to be extreme, in her hopes as well as her fears, and the conversation continued in this manner until dinner was on the table and they left her to the attentions of the housekeeper.although mr and mrs gardiner were sure that there was no real necessity for her to stay in bed, they did not attempt to oppose her desire, because they knew that she had not enough good sense to keep quiet while the servants were around.they were joined by mary and kitty, who had been too busy in their separate rooms to make their appearance before. the one came from her books, the other from the business of dressing herself. they were both fairly calm, and no change was noticeable in either, except that the loss of her favourite sister, or the anger which she herself had had to bear in the matter, had made kitty more complaining than usual.in the afternoon, the two older misses bennet were able to have half an hour by themselves in serious talk. elizabeth learnt that wickham's bad character had begun to be known. colonel forster believed him to be a careless and wasteful spender, and it was now said that he had left meryton greatly in debt.'oh, jane, if we had been less secretive, if we had told what we knew of him, this could not have happened.''we acted with the best intentions.'jane then showed elizabeth lydia's letter to mrs forster, which the colonel had brought with him. this is what it contained:my dear harriet,you will laugh when you know where i have gone, and i cannot help laughing myself at your surprise tomorrow morning, as soon as i am missed. i am going to gretna green, and if you cannot guess with whom, i shall think you very stupid, because there is only one man in the world that i love, and he is perfect. i could never be happy without him, so i think it will do no harm to run away with him. you need not tell them at longbourn if you do not want to, because it will make the surprise much greater when i write to them and sign my name lydia wickham. what a good joke it will be! please make my excuses to pratt for not keeping my promise to dance with him tonight. i shall send for my clothes when i get to longbourn, but i wish you would tell the servant to mend a great hole in my blue dress before it is packed. goodbye. give my love to colonel forster. i hope that you will drink to our good journey.your loving friend, lydia bennet.'oh, thoughtless, thoughtless lydia!' cried elizabeth when she had finished reading. 'what a letter this is to be written at such a moment! but at least it shows that she was serious in the object of her journey. my poor father! how he must have felt!''i never saw anyone so shocked. he could not speak a word for fully ten minutes. our mother was taken ill immediately, and the whole house was in confusion.''oh, jane,' cried elizabeth,' was there one servant belonging to us who did not know the whole story before the end of the day?''i do not know. i hope so. but it is very difficult to be careful at such a time.''you do not look well. you have had every care and anxiety to bear by yourself.''mary and kitty have been very kind, and would have shared every duty, i am sure, but kitty is thin and delicate, and mary studies so much that she should not be interrupted during her hours of rest. our aunt philips came to us after our father had gone away, and was of great use and comfort, and lady lucas has been very kind, and walked over here to offer her sympathy and help.''it would have been better if she had stayed at home,' cried elizabeth. 'perhaps she meant well, but in a time of such a misfortune as this, one cannot see too little of one's neighbours.'chapter twenty twomr bennet returnsall meryton now seemed eager to speak badly of the man who, only three months before, had been considered to be the perfect gentleman. he was said to be in debt to every shopkeeper in the place, and to have made love to most of their daughters. everybody spoke of him as the worst young man in the world, and everybody began to find out that they had always distrusted the appearance of his goodness.mrs philips visited the bennets frequently with the intention, she said, of cheering them up, but as she never came without reporting some fresh example of his wrongdoings, she rarely went away without leaving them in lower spirits than she had found them.every day at longbourn was now a day of anxiety, but the most anxious part of each was when the post was expected. still no news of any importance came from london, but a letter arrived for their father from a different direction, from mr collins. as jane had been told by mr bennet to open everything that came for him in his absence, she read it, and elizabeth, who knew how strange mr collins's letters always were, looked over her shoulder and read it too.my dear sir,i feel it is my duty, as a relative of yours, and because of my situation in life, to sympathize with you in your present misfortune, which must be of the bitterest kind, since it stems from a cause that no time can remove. the death of your daughter would have been a relief in comparison with this. it is all the worse, because i understand there is reason to suppose that this behaviour of your daughter was caused by a lack of rules at home, though at the same time i suspect that her character must be naturally bad. in any case, you are greatly to be pitied, in which opinion i am joined not only by my wife, but also by lady catherine and her daughter. they agree with me that this foolish act will harm the fortunes of all your other daughters, for who will connect themselves with such a family? this consideration leads me to think with increased satisfaction of a certain event of last november, for if it had been otherwise, i should have shared all your sorrow and shame. let me advise you, my dear sir, to throw off your ungrateful child forever, and leave her to the fruits of her wrongdoings.i am, dear sir, etc.at last, after the failure of all attempts to find his daughter, mr bennet agreed to mr gardiner's request that he should return to his family and leave it to him to do whatever seemed advisable. when mrs bennet was told of this, she did not express as much satisfaction as her children expected.'what! is he coming home, and without poor lydia? who is to fight wickham and make him marry her, if he comes away?'as mrs gardiner began to wish to be at home, she and her children left in the carriage that would bring mr bennet back to longbourn. she went away still as confused as ever about elizabeth and her derbyshire friend.when mr bennet arrived, he had all the appearance of his usual calmness. he said as little as ever, and made no mention of the business that had taken him away, and it was some time before his daughters had the courage to speak of it.it was not until the afternoon, when he joined them at tea, that elizabeth dared to introduce the subject, and in answer to her expressions of sympathy, he said, 'say nothing of that. it is right that i should suffer. it has been my own doing, and i ought to feel it.'then he continued, 'lizzy, i have no bad feelings towards you for being right in your advice to me last may'they were interrupted by jane, who came to collect her mother's tea.'this is a ceremony,' he cried, 'which does me good! another day i will behave as your mother does. i will sit in the library, and give as much trouble as i can - or perhaps i can delay it until kitty runs away.''i am not going to run away, father,' said kitty. 'if i should ever go to brighton, i would behave better than lydia.''you go to brighton! i will not trust you anywhere near it, not for fifty pounds! no, kitty, i have at least learnt to be careful, and you will feel the effects of it. no officer is ever to enter this house again, or even to pass through the village. balls are completely forbidden, unless you dance with one of your sisters. and you are never to go out of doors until you can prove that you have spent ten minutes of every day in a sensible manner.'kitty, who took all these threats seriously, began to cry.'well, well,' he said, 'do not make yourself unhappy. if you are a good girl for the next ten years, i will take you to the theatre at the end of them.'chapter twenty threelydia and wickham are foundtwo days after mr bennet's return, as jane and elizabeth were walking in the garden behind the house, they saw the housekeeper coming towards them.'i beg your pardon, madam, for interrupting you,' she said to jane, 'but i was hoping that you might have had good news from town, and i dared to come and ask.''what do you mean? we have heard nothing from town.''dear madam,' cried the housekeeper, 'don't you know that an urgent letter came from mr gardiner half an hour ago?'the girls ran away, too eager to reach the house to have time for speech. they ran through the hall into the breakfast room, and from there to the library. their father was in neither. they were on the point of looking for him upstairs with their mother, when they were met by a manservant, who said:'if you are looking for my master, madam, he is walking towards the little wood.'they immediately left the house again, and ran across the grass after their father. jane, who was not so light as elizabeth, soon slowed down, while her sister, out of breath, reached him and eagerly cried out:'oh, father, what news? good or bad?''what good is to be expected?' he said, taking the letter from his pocket. 'but perhaps you would like to read it.'elizabeth impatiently caught it from his hand. jane now came up and joined them.'read it out loud,' said their father. elizabeth read:gracechurch street monday, august 2ndmy dear brother,at last i am able to send you some news. i have discovered my niece and the young man. they are not married, and i do not believe that they ever intended to be, but if you are willing to keep the promises that i have been forced to make in your name, i hope it will not be long before they are. all that is necessary is that you should settle on your daughter, by law, her equal share of the five thousand pounds that will come to your children after the death of yourself and my sister, and, in addition, that you should enter into an agreement to allow her, during your life, one hundred pounds a year. mr wickham's condition as regards money is not so hopeless as was believed, and i am happy to say that there will be a little of his own money left, even when his debts have been paid. there is not the smallest necessity for you to come to town, as i will give your lawyer all details about making the agreement. send back your answer as soon as you can. we have judged it best that my niece should be married from this house, and i hope you will approve.yours, etc.edward gardiner.'and have you answered the letter?''i dislike it very much,' he replied, 'but it must be done.'he turned back with them, and walked towards the house.'and may i ask something?' said elizabeth. 'the conditions must, i suppose, be agreed to?''agreed to? i am only ashamed of his asking so little.''and they must marry! even though he is such a man!''yes, yes, there is nothing else to be done. but there are two things that i very much want to know - one is, how much money your uncle has paid out to arrange this, and the other, how i am ever going to pay him back.''money! my uncle!' cried jane. 'what do you mean, sir?''i mean that no man in his right mind would marry lydia for so little as one hundred pounds a year.''that is very true,' said elizabeth, 'though i had not thought of it before. his debts will be paid, and something will still remain! oh, it must be my uncle's doing. generous, good man! a small sum could not do all this.''no,' said her father, 'wickham's a fool if he takes her with a penny less than ten thousand pounds.''ten thousand pounds! how is half such a sum to be repaid?'mr bennet made no answer, and each of them, deep in thought, continued to walk in silence until they reached the house. their father then went to the library to write.'and they are really to be married!' cried elizabeth, as soon as she and jane were by themselves. 'how strange this is! although their chance of happiness is small, and his character is worthless, we are forced to be glad! oh, lydia!'the girls now remembered that their mother probably knew nothing of what had happened. they went, therefore, and asked their father's permission to tell her. without raising his head from his writing, he replied coldly:'just as you please.''may we take my uncle's letter to read to her?''take whatever you like, and get away.'after a slight warning of good news, the letter was read to mrs bennet. their mother could hardly control herself. her joy burst out after the first few sentences. she had no fears for her daughter's happiness, nor shame from any memory of her misbehaviour.'this is so exciting!' she cried. 'she will be married at sixteen! how i wish to see her and dear wickham too! but the clothes, the wedding clothes! i will write to my sister gardiner about them directly. ring the bell, kitty, for the servant. i will dress in a moment. i will go to meryton as soon as i am dressed, and tell the good, good news to my sister philips. and as i am coming back, i can call on lady lucas and mrs long.'she then began to tell the news to the servant, who expressed her joy. elizabeth received her congratulations with the rest, and then, sick of this foolishness, went to her own room so that she could think in peace.chapter twenty fourmr bennet agrees to their marriagemr bennet had often wished, before this period in his life, that instead of spending his whole income, he had saved a yearly sum to provide for his children - and his wife, if she lived longer than he did. he now wished this more than ever. if he had done his duty in that matter, lydia need not have depended on her uncle for whatever respectability could now be bought for her.when mr bennet first married, saving was considered to be perfectly useless, for of course they would have a son. the son would, as heir, be willing at the age of twenty-one to make more suitable arrangements for the property, so that the wife and other children would be provided for. five daughters, one after another, entered the world, but the son still did not come. they had, at last, given up hope, but it was then too late to begin saving. mrs bennet was naturally careless about money, and only her husband's love of independence prevented them from spending more than their income.five thousand pounds had been settled by marriage agreement on mrs bennet and her children, but the share that the children would receive depended on the wishes of the parents. this was one point, with regard to lydia at least, which could now be settled, and mr bennet immediately accepted the proposal of his wife's brother. he had never supposed that the affair could have been arranged with so little inconvenience to himself. he would hardly be ten pounds poorer after hundred was paid each year to the young pair, because the cost of keeping lydia at home - her pocket money, and the continual presents in money which passed to her through her mother's hands - amounted to very little less than that sum.he wrote, therefore, to give his agreement and thanks to mr gardiner, but was too angry with lydia to send any message to her.it was two weeks since mrs bennet had last been downstairs, but on this happy day she again took her seat at the head of the table, and in extremely high spirits. no feeling of shame caused her joy to be lessened. her thoughts ran completely on clothes, carriages, servants, and a large enough house for lydia. her husband allowed her to talk on without interruption while the servants remained. but when they had gone, he said to her, 'mrs bennet, before you take any or all of these houses for your daughter, understand that she shall never have admittance into this one, at least.'a long argument followed this statement, but mr bennet was firm. it soon led to another, and mrs bennet found, with astonishment and shock, that her husband would not give one penny to buy clothes for her daughter. he declared that she should receive no sign of love whatever from him on the occasion. mrs bennet was more troubled by the shame of lydia's lack of new clothes than the shame of the conditions which had made her marriage necessary.elizabeth was now deeply sorry that she had, in her unhappiness at the moment, made known to mr darcy her fears for her sister, since now lydia's marriage would hide her earlier fault from all those who were not closely connected with the affair. she knew that she could trust him to keep the secret, but at the same time she was ashamed and full of sorrow that he, of all people, should know of her family's shame.she felt sure that his wish to gain her respect would be destroyed by such a blow as this. she became desirous of his good opinion, when she could no longer hope to have the advantage of it. she wanted to hear of him, when there seemed the least chance of receiving information. she was quite sure now that she could have been happy with him, when it was no longer likely that they would meet.what a victory for him, as she often thought, if he could only know that the proposals which she had so proudly scorned only four months ago would now have been gladly and gratefully received!she began to realize that he was exactly the man who, in character and ability, would most suit her. it was a union that would have been to the advantage of both. by her confidence and liveliness, his mind might have been softened and his manners improved, and from his judgment, information and knowledge of the world, she would have received advantages of greater importance.***the day of their sister's wedding arrived, and jane and elizabeth had urged their father so seriously but so gently to receive her and her husband at longbourn after the event that he was at last persuaded to act as they wished. it would only be for a short time, as a move had been arranged for wickham to another regiment stationed in the north of england, where he could make a fresh start in life.the carriage was sent to meet them, and they were to return in it by dinnertime. their arrival was expected by the two older misses bennet with a mixture of discomfort and anxiety.they came. the family were waiting in the breakfast room to receive them. smiles covered the face of mrs bennet as the carriage drove up to the door. her husband looked serious, and her daughters anxious and nervous.lydia's voice was heard in the hall. the door was thrown open, and she ran into the room. her mother stepped forward, kissed her, and welcomed her with joy, giving her hand with a warm smile to wickham, who followed his lady.their welcome by mr bennet, to whom they then turned, was colder. his face became even more serious, and he hardly moved his lips. the easy confidence of the young pair was enough to anger him. elizabeth was disgusted, and even jane was shocked. lydia was still lydia, uncontrolled, unashamed, wild, noisy, fearless. she turned from one sister to another, demanding their congratulations, while wickham was all smiles and easy politeness. neither lydia nor her mother could talk fast enough.'to think that it has been three months,' cried lydia, 'since i went away! i am sure that i had no idea of being married before i came back, though i thought it would be very good fun if i was.'her father lifted his eyes, and elizabeth looked expressively at her, but she continued brightly, 'oh, mother, do the people at meryton know i am married today? i was afraid they might not, so as we came through i let my hand rest on the window frame of the carriage, so that they could see the ring.'as they passed through the hall to the dining room, lydia, with anxious importance, walked up to her mother's right hand, and said to her oldest sister, 'ah, jane, i take your place now, and you must go lower, because i am a married woman.''well, mother,' she said, after the meal, 'what do you think of my husband? is he not a fine-looking man? i am sure that my sisters must all be jealous of me. i only hope that they may have half my good luck. they must all go to brighton. that is the place to get husbands. or you must all come and see us in the north. i expect that there will be some dances, and i will take care to get good partners for my sisters. and then, when you go away, you may leave one or two of them behind, and i am sure that i shall get husbands for them before the winter is over.''i thank you for your advice,' said elizabeth, 'but i do not especially like your way of getting husbands.'wickham's love for lydia was just what elizabeth had expected it to be - not equal to lydia's for him. she guessed that their running away together had been caused by the strength of her love rather than by his, and that escape from his debts had been the main reason for his leaving brighton, though he was not the kind of young man to refuse the opportunity of having a companion.lydia was extremely fond of him. he was her dear wickham on every occasion. no one could be compared with him. he did everything best in the world.one morning soon after their arrival, as she was sitting with her two oldest sisters, she said to elizabeth:'lizzy, i never gave you an account of my wedding. you were not present when i told the others. are you not interested in hearing how it was managed?''no, really,' replied elizabeth, 'i think there cannot be too little said on the subject.''oh! how strange you are! but i must tell you how it happened. well, the day came, and i was so excited! i was so afraid, you know, that something would happen to delay it. and there was my aunt, all the time that i was dressing, talking away just as if she were a minister in church. but i did not hear a word of it, because i was thinking about whether my dear wickham would be married in his blue coat. well, and just as the carriage came to the door, my uncle was called away on business. i was so frightened that i did not know what to do, because my uncle was to act in place of my father at the ceremony, and give me in marriage, and if we were late we could not be married all day. but i remembered afterwards that it need not have been delayed, because mr darcy might have taken his place.''mr darcy!' repeated elizabeth in astonishment.'oh, yes! he came there with wickham, you know. but heavens! i quite forgot! i promised not to mention it. it was a secret.''in that case,' said elizabeth, although she was burning with a desire to know more, 'we will ask you no questions.''thank you,' said lydia, 'because if you did, i should certainly tell you all, and then wickham would be so angry.'with such encouragement, elizabeth was forced to help her sister keep her secret by leaving the room.but it was impossible not to ask for information on this matter. mr darcy had been at her sister's wedding! what could be the reason? seizing a sheet of paper, she wrote a short letter to her aunt to request an explanation, if it could be given without breaking confidence. 'and if it cannot,' she added at the end of the letter,' and if you do not tell me in an honourable manner, my dear aunt, i shall certainly be forced to use some trick to find out!'elizabeth had the satisfaction of receiving an immediate answer to her letter. as soon as she was in possession of it, she hurried off to the little wood, where she was least likely to be interrupted.gracechurch street september 6thmy dear niece,i have just received your letter and must admit to being surprised by your request. don't think me angry, though, because i only mean that i had not imagined such inquiries to be necessary on your side. your uncle is as much surprised as i am, and nothing but the belief of your involvement in the affair would have allowed him to act as he has done. but if you really know nothing of the matter, i must give you an explanation.on the same day as my return from longbourn, your uncle had a most unexpected visit from mr darcy, who talked with him in private for several hours. he came to tell mr gardiner that he had found out where your sister and mr wickham were, and that he had talked to them. from what i can understand, he left derbyshire only one day after ourselves, and came to town with the intention of hunting for them. he generously gave as a reason for this that he felt himself responsible for the whole situation, because he had not made public in meryton last year his knowledge of wickham's worthlessness. he blamed his own pride for this.it seems that there is a lady who was formerly a private teacher to miss darcy and who was dismissed for some good reason that he did not mention. she had then rented a house in london and supported herself by letting rooms. knowing that she had been friendly with mr wickham, darcy went to her, and succeeded with some difficulty in getting his address. he first tried to persuade lydia to leave her shameful situation and return to her friends, but he found her determined to remain where she was. she was sure that wickham would marry her sometime or other, and it did not much matter when. the gentleman himself, it appeared, had no such intention. he still hoped to make his fortune by a good marriage in some other place. but an agreement was at last reached which was satisfactory to both sides.our visitor, darcy, refused every attempt by mr gardiner to share these responsibilities. nothing was done that he did not do himself, though i am sure that your uncle would most willingly have settled the whole matter. they argued over it together for a long time, but at last your uncle was forced to agree. wickham's debts will be paid, another thousand pounds will be settled on her, and a good position in the army will be obtained for him.there may be some truth in the reasons given by mr darcy for acting so generously, but in spite of all this fine talk, my dear lizzy, you may be sure that your uncle would never have agreed if we had not believed him to have another interest in the affair. will you be very angry if i take this opportunity of saying how much i like him? his behaviour, his understanding and opinions all please me, and he only lacks a little liveliness, and that, if he marries the right person, his wife may teach him. i thought him very secretive. he hardly ever mentioned your name. but secrecy seems to be the fashion. please forgive me if i have said too much, or at least do not punish me so far as to forbid me to visit you at p.but i must write no more. the children have been wanting me for the last half-hour.your loving aunt, m. gardiner.the information in this letter unsettled elizabeths spirits. darcy had done all this for a woman whom he must scorn and the man whom he most wished to avoid! her heart did whisper that he had done it for her. oh, how sorry she was for every unkind feeling that she had ever encouraged towards him! for herself, she felt ashamed and small, but she was proud of him - proud that in a cause of honour he could defeat his own nature. she read over her aunt's praise of him again and again. it was hardly enough, but it pleased her.chapter twenty fivereturn to netherfieldthe day soon arrived when the young pair had to leave, and mrs bennet was forced to bear the separation.'write to me often, my dear lydia,' she cried.'as often as i can, but married women never have much time for writing. my sisters may write to me. they will have nothing else to do.'mr wickham's goodbyes were much warmer than his wife's. he smiled a lot and said many pretty things.as soon as he was out of the house, mr bennet said bitterly: 'he is as fine a young man as ever i saw. he smiles sweetly, and makes love to us all. i am extremely proud of him. even sir william lucas could not produce a better husband for his daughter.'the loss of lydia made mrs bennet very dull for several days, but her spiritless condition was relieved soon afterwards by a piece of news which then began to be passed round. the housekeeper at netherfield had received orders to prepare for the arrival of her master. mrs bennet was quite unsettled. she looked at jane, and smiled and shook her head.jane had not been able to hear of his arrival without trembling a little, and elizabeth could easily see that it had had an effect on her spirits. elizabeth herself was confused by the visit. had he come with his friend's permission, or was he brave enough to act without it?'i am beginning to be sorry that he is coming at all,' said jane to elizabeth a few days later. 'it would be nothing, i could see him with complete lack of interest, but i can hardly bear to hear it continually talked about. my mother means well, but she does not know how i suffer from what she says.'mr bingley arrived. on the third morning after his coming, mrs bennet saw him from her dressing-room window as he rode towards the house.her daughters were eagerly called on to share her joy. jane firmly stayed at her place at the table, but elizabeth, to satisfy her mother, went to the window.she looked, saw mr darcy with him, and sat down again by her sister.'there is a gentleman with mr bingley, mama,' said kitty. 'it looks like that tall, proud man, who used to be with him before - i've forgotten his name.''oh, heavens! mr darcy! well, i must say that i hate the sight of him.'both elizabeth and jane were uncomfortable, but the former had a cause for discomfort which could not be guessed by jane, to whom she had never yet had the courage to show mrs gardiner's letter, or to tell of her own change of feeling. her astonishment at his coming and wishing to see her again was almost as great as she had experienced when she had first observed his changed behaviour in derbyshire. her face, which had become pale for half a minute, now found its colour again with an additional warmth, and a smile of pleasure added brightness to her eyes, as she thought that his love and wishes must still be unchanged - but she could not be sure.she sat busily at work, trying not to appear excited. jane looked a little paler than usual. when the gentlemen appeared, she received them fairly calmly. elizabeth said as little as politeness would allow, and sat again at her work. she had dared to take only one look at darcy. he looked serious as usual.bingley, she saw, was both pleased and confused. he was received by mrs bennet with an amount of attention which made her two oldest daughters feel ashamed, especially when it was compared with the cold and ceremonious politeness of her behaviour to his friend. elizabeth especially, who knew what her mother owed to mr darcy.darcy said hardly anything to her. he was not seated by her, so perhaps that was the reason for his silence. when sometimes, unable to prevent it, she raised her eyes to his face, she found him looking at jane quite as often as at herself. she was disappointed, and angry with herself for being so.at this time mrs bennet was talking to bingley happily about lydia's marriage, and receiving his congratulations.'it is a satisfying thing, to be sure, to have a daughter married,' mrs bennet continued, 'but at the same time it is very hard to have her taken away from me. her husband has been moved to another regiment, you know. thank heavens he has some friends, though not, perhaps, as many as he deserves.'elizabeth, who knew that this was directed against mr darcy, thought that she could now feel no greater shame. but her discomfort soon received relief from seeing how much the beauty of her sister was bringing back the admiration of her former lover, who seemed to be giving her more and more of his attention.when the gentlemen rose to go, they were invited to eat at longbourn in a few days' time.***as soon as they had gone, elizabeth walked in the garden to recover her spirits. mr darcy's behaviour astonished and confused her. she could explain it in no way that gave her pleasure.'why did he come at all, if it was only to be silent and serious? if he fears me, why come here? if he no longer cares for me, why be silent? annoying man! i will think no more about him.'her sister approached, and joined her with a cheerful smile.'now,' she said, 'that this first meeting is over, i feel perfectly relaxed. i am glad that he will eat here on tuesday. it will then be publicly seen that we meet only as ordinary and uninterested acquaintances.''very uninterested!' said elizabeth laughingly. 'i think that you are in very great danger of making him as much in love with you as ever.'they did not see the gentlemen again until tuesday, when there was a large party at longbourn. as the two men entered the dining room, elizabeth eagerly watched to see whether bingley would take the place which, at all their former parties, had belonged to him, by her sister. her careful mother, having the same idea, did not invite him to sit by herself. he seemed to pause, but jane looked round and smiled. it was decided. he placed himself beside her.elizabeth, with a feeling of victory, looked towards his friend. he bore it well, and she would have imagined that bingley had received his permission to be happy, if she had not seen his eyes turned towards mr darcy with an expression of anxiety.his behaviour towards her sister during dinner showed such admiration that elizabeth believed that, if left completely to himself, jane's happiness, and his own, would be speedily gained.mr darcy was on one side of her mother. she knew how little such a situation could give pleasure to either. she was not near enough to hear any of their conversation, but she could see how rarely they spoke to each other, and how formal and cold their manner was whenever they did.she hoped that the evening would provide some opportunity of bringing herself and mr darcy together. anxious and uncomfortable, the period which passed in the sitting room before the gentlemen came in was tiring and dull.the gentlemen came, and she thought that he looked as if he would have answered her hopes, but oh! the ladies had crowded so closely round the table, where jane was making tea and elizabeth pouring out the coffee, that there was not a single space near her where a chair could be placed. he walked away to another part of the room.she was a little cheered, though, by his bringing back his coffee cup himself, and she seized the opportunity to inquire after his sister. he replied, and then stood beside her for some minutes in silence.when the tea things had been removed, and the card tables placed, they were seated far from each other, at different games, and she lost every expectation of pleasure. mrs bennet was in high spirits when the guests had gone.'well, girls,' she said, as soon as they were left to themselves, 'i think everything passed off uncommonly well. the dinner was as well-cooked as any i ever saw. the meat was cooked to perfection. the soup was 50 times better than that we had at the lucases' last week. and, my dear jane, what do you think mrs long said? "ah, mrs bennet, we shall have her at netherfield at last!" i do think that mrs long is as good a woman as ever lived - and her nieces are very well-behaved girls, and not at all good- looking. i like them very much.'***a few days later, mr bingley called again, and alone. his friend had left that morning for london, but would return in ten days' time. he sat with them for over an hour, and was in noticeably good spirits. mrs bennet invited him to dinner with them, but unfortunately he had another engagement. he eagerly accepted an invitation, though, for the following day.he came, and so early that none of the ladies was dressed. mrs bennet ran into her daughter's room with her hair half-finished, crying out:'my dear jane, hurry down. he has come. hurry, hurry.''we shall be down as soon as we can,' said jane, 'but i dare say that kitty will be ready before either of us.''oh, never mind about kitty! what has she to do with it? come, be quick!'the same anxiety to get jane and mr bingley by themselves was plain again in the evening. after tea, mr bennet went to the library, as was his custom, and mary went upstairs to her piano. two of the five being removed, mrs bennet sat making signals with her eyes at elizabeth and kitty for some time, without having any effect on them. elizabeth did not take any notice, and when at last kitty did, she said in surprise, 'what is the matter, mother? is something wrong? what should i do?''nothing, child, nothing.'five minutes later, she suddenly got up, and saying to kitty, 'come here, my love, i want to speak to you,' took her out of the room. a look from jane begged elizabeth to remain, but when, some moments later, the door half opened and her mother called out that she wanted her, she was forced to go.her mother announced her intention of sitting upstairs, and as soon as she was out of sight, elizabeth returned to the sitting room.bingley was everything a gentleman should be for the rest of the evening. he bore all mrs bennet's silly remarks with the greatest patience. after this day, jane said no more about being uninterested. elizabeth believed that all must speedily be brought to a successful ending, unless mr darcy returned too soon. she felt, though, that all this must be happening with that gentleman's approval.bingley spent the next morning shooting with mr bennet, and returned with him to dinner. after the meal elizabeth had a letter to write and, believing that the others were all going to sit down together to cards, she went to her own room.but on returning to the sitting room, she found that her mother had again been arranging matters. her sister and bingley were standing together by the fireplace as if in serious conversation, and the faces of both, as they quickly turned and moved away from each other, told everything. not a word was said by either, and elizabeth in her confusion was just going away again, when bingley suddenly whispered a few words to her sister, and ran out of the room.jane could have no secrets from elizabeth, and immediately admitted that she was the happiest being in the world. elizabeth's congratulations were given with sincerity and pleasure. jane then ran to her mother.in a few minutes elizabeth was joined by mr bingley, whose conversation with mr bennet had been short and successful. he claimed her good wishes and love as a sister, and they shook hands with great pleasure.it was an evening of excitement for them all. jane's happiness made her look more beautiful than ever. kitty smiled, and hoped that her turn was coming soon. mrs bennet could not express her feelings often enough, and when mr bennet joined them at supper, his voice and manner plainly showed how happy he was. not a word passed his lips about it until his visitor had gone.he then turned to his daughter and said:'jane, i congratulate you. you will be a very happy woman.' jane went to him, kissed him, and thanked him for his goodness.'you are a good girl,' he replied, 'and i have no doubt that you will suit each other. you are each so ready to give way to the other that nothing will ever be decided on; so trusting that every servant will cheat you, and so generous that you will always spend more than your income.''spend more than their income!' cried his wife. 'my dear mr bennet, what are you talking of? he has four or five thousand pounds a year, and very likely more.' then, addressing her daughter, 'oh, my dear, dear jane, i am so happy! i am sure that i shall not get a moment's sleep tonight. i knew that you could not be so beautiful for nothing. oh, he is the best-looking young man that ever was seen!'wickham, lydia, were all forgotten. jane was at that moment her favourite child, and she cared for no other.bingley, from this time, was of course a daily visitor at longbourn. the situation could not remain a secret for long. mrs bennet whispered it to mrs philips, who passed on the news without permission to all her neighbours. the bennets were spoken of as the luckiest family in the world, though only a few weeks before, when lydia had run away, they had been generally believed to be the most unfortunate.chapter twenty sixlady catherine visits longbournone morning, about a week later, a carriage suddenly appeared outside the house. it was too early for visitors, and neither the carriage nor the uniform of the servant was familiar. the two lovers immediately escaped to the garden, leaving the rest of the ladies to guess who the stranger could be, until the door was thrown open and lady catherine de bourgh entered.she walked in, looking more disagreeable than usual, made no other reply to elizabeth's greeting than a slight movement of the head, and sat down without a word.after sitting for a moment in silence, she said, very stiffly, to elizabeth:'i hope you are well, miss bennet. that lady, i suppose, is your mother?'elizabeth replied shortly that she was.'and that, i suppose, is one of your sisters?''yes, madam,' replied mrs bennet, to whom elizabeth had mentioned the visitor's name, and who was feeling highly honoured by her coming.'you have a very small park here,' observed lady catherine, after a short silence, 'and this must be a most inconvenient sitting room for the evening in summer. the windows appear to be facing west.'mrs bennet informed her that they never sat there after dinner, and then added:'may i ask whether you left mr and mrs collins well?''yes, very well.'elizabeth now expected that she would produce a letter for her from charlotte, because it seemed the only likely reason for her visit. but no letter appeared, and she could not understand the visit at all.mrs bennet, with great politeness, begged lady catherine to have something to eat or drink, but this was decidedly, and not very politely, refused. then, rising, lady catherine said to elizabeth: 'miss bennet, i should be glad to take a walk in your garden, if you will give me your company.'elizabeth obeyed. as they passed through the hall, lady catherine opened the doors of the other rooms, and announced that they were a reasonably good size.they walked in silence towards the little wood. elizabeth was determined to make no effort at conversation with a woman who was now more than usually rude and disagreeable.as soon as they entered the wood, lady catherine began in the following manner:'you can have no difficulty, miss bennet, in understanding the reason of my visit. your own heart, your own conscience must tell you why i have come.'elizabeth looked at her in astonishment.'miss bennet,' she continued in an angry voice, 'you ought to know that i will not be treated without proper regard for my position. a report of a most upsetting nature reached me two days ago. i was told that you, miss elizabeth bennet, would in all probability be soon united to my nephew, my own nephew. though i know that it must be a shameful lie, i immediately decided to come here so that i could make my feelings known to you.''if you believed it impossible,' said elizabeth, her face turning red with astonishment and scorn, 'i am surprised that you took the trouble of coming so far.''this is not to be borne. miss bennet, i will be satisfied. has he, has my nephew, made you an offer of marriage?''you have said that it is impossible.''miss bennet, do you know who i am? let me be rightly understood. mr darcy is engaged to my daughter. now, what have you to say?''only this - that if it is so, you can have no reason to suppose that he will make an offer to me.'lady catherine paused for a moment, and then replied:'the arrangement between them is of a special kind. from their childhood they have been intended for each other. it was the favourite wish of his mother, as well as of myself. have you no respect for the wishes of his relations?''but what is that to me? if mr darcy wishes, may he not make another choice? and if i am that choice, why may i not accept him?''i will not be interrupted! hear me in silence. i see there is a seat over there. let us sit down. my daughter and my nephew are made for each other. their birth and their fortunes are noble. and what will divide them? the plans of a young woman without rank or money?''your nephew is a gentleman, and i am a gentleman's daughter.''but what is your mother? who are your uncles and aunts? do you imagine that i am without knowledge of their condition?''if your nephew does not object to them,' replied elizabeth, 'it can be nothing to you.''tell me, are you engaged to him?'elizabeth could only say: 'i am not.' lady catherine seemed pleased.'and will you promise never to become engaged to my nephew?''i will make no promise of any kind.''miss bennet, i am shocked. the facts concerning your youngest sister are fully known to me. is such a girl to be my nephew's sister? is her husband, the son of his father's servant, to be his brother?''you can now have nothing further to say to me,' elizabeth answered with bitterness. 'you have insulted me in every possible way. i must beg to return to the house.'she rose as she spoke. lady catherine also rose, highly angered. she talked on, making many threats, until they were at the door of her carriage, when, suddenly turning round, she added:'i leave you without a goodbye, miss bennet. i send no greetings to your mother. you do not deserve such attention. i am most seriously displeased.'elizabeth made no answer, but walked quietly into the house. her mother met her impatiently. 'had she anything special to say, lizzy?'elizabeth was forced to tell a small lie here, for to admit the truth about their conversation was impossible.***this astonishing visit upset elizabeth for some time. she could not imagine what could be the origin of the report that she was engaged, unless talk had followed the news about jane and bingley. she could not help feeling some discomfort about the result of lady catherine's words, because she did not know the degree of her influence over her nephew. if he had been holding back before, his aunt's arguments might settle every doubt.'if, therefore, an excuse for not returning should come to his friend within a few days,' she thought, 'i shall lose all hope in the strength of his love.'the next morning, as she was going downstairs, she was met by her father, who came out of his library with a letter in his hand.'lizzy,' he said, 'i was going to look for you. come into my room.'she followed him in, and they both sat down. he then said:'i have received a letter this morning concerning yourself that astonishes me. i did not know that i had two daughters about to be married. let me congratulate you.'she now reddened in the immediate belief that it was a letter from the nephew instead of the aunt. he continued:'you look self-conscious, but i am sure that you cannot guess the name of your admirer. this letter is from mr collins.''from mr collins! and what can he have to say?''he begins with congratulations about jane. he then goes on: "your daughter elizabeth, it is supposed, will also not long bear the name of bennet, and her future partner has every kind of good fortune, in property, relations and influence. yet in spite of all these, let me warn my cousin elizabeth and yourself of the risks that she runs in accepting this gentleman's proposals." have you any idea, lizzy, who this gentleman is? but now it comes out. "his aunt, lady catherine de bourgh, does not look on the relationship with a friendly eye." mr darcy, you see, is the man! now, lizzy, i think that i have surprised you! could he have chosen a more unlikely man? mr darcy, who probably never looked at you in his life!'elizabeth tried to join in her father's amusement, but could only force one unwilling smile. his joking had never been so little pleasing to her.'are you not amused?''oh, yes! please read on.''he continues: "i thought it my duty to give information of this immediately to my cousin, so that she and her noble admirer may not act without careful thought." after that he adds, "i am truly happy that my cousin lydia's sad business has been so well hidden. but i must not neglect the duties of my position, and must state my astonishment on hearing that you received the young pair into your house. you ought certainly to forgive them, but never to admit them to your sight or allow their names to be mentioned." that is his idea of forgiveness! but lizzy, you look as if you did not enjoy it. you are not going to pretend to be insulted, i hope, by stupid talk. for what do we live, if not to amuse our neighbours, and laugh at them in our turn?''i am extremely amused!' said elizabeth. 'but it is so strange!''yes, if they had fixed on any other man, it would have been nothing. but his complete lack of interest in you, and your sharp dislike of him, make it so particularly entertaining! and lizzy, what did lady catherine say about this report? did she call to refuse her agreement?'to this question his daughter replied only with a laugh, and as it had been asked without the least suspicion, she was not put into an awkward position by his repeating it. elizabeth had never found it more difficult to make her feelings appear what they were not. it was necessary to laugh, when she would rather have cried. her father had most cruelly wounded her by what he said of mr darcy's lack of interest, and she feared that perhaps instead of his noticing too little, she might have imagined too much.chapter twenty sevenelizabeth and mr darcyinstead of receiving any such letter of excuse from his friend, as elizabeth half expected mr bingley to do, he was able to bring darcy with him to longbourn before many days had passed. the gentlemen arrived early, and bingley suggested that they all go for a walk. mrs bennet was not in the habit of walking, and mary could never give up the time, but the remaining five set out together. bingley and jane, though, soon allowed the others to get ahead of them, and elizabeth, kitty and darcy were left to entertain each other.kitty wanted to call on the lucases, and when she left the other two, elizabeth went on bravely with darcy alone. she had secretly been making a difficult decision, and perhaps he had been doing the same. now was the moment to put hers into action, so she said:'mr darcy, i am a very selfish creature, and, in order to give relief to my own feelings, do not care how much i may be wounding yours. i can no longer help thanking you for your deep kindness to my poor sister.''i am sorry,' replied darcy, in a voice full of surprise and feeling, 'that you have ever been informed of what may, by mistake, have given you discomfort of mind.''do not blame my aunt. lydia's thoughtlessness first caused the truth to be known, and i could not rest until i knew the details. let me thank you again, in the name of all my family.''if you will thank me,' he replied, 'let it be for yourself alone. your family owe me nothing. much as i respect them, i believe that i thought only of you.'elizabeth was too confused to say a word. after a short pause, her companion added: 'you are too generous to keep me in uncertainty. if your feelings are still what they were last april, tell me so at once. my love and wishes are unchanged, but one word from you will silence me on this subject forever.'elizabeth now forced herself to speak, and made him understand that her feelings had changed so completely since that period that she was grateful and pleased to hear his present words. the happiness that this reply produced was greater than he had probably ever experienced before, and he expressed himself on the occasion as warmly as a man who is violently in love can be expected to do.they walked on without knowing in what direction. there was too much to be thought, and felt, and said, for attention to anything else. she soon learnt that they owed their present good understanding to the efforts of his aunt, who did call on him to describe her conversation with elizabeth, but with the opposite effect to that which she intended.'it taught me to hope,' he said, 'as i had hardly allowed myself to hope before. i knew enough of your character to be certain that if you had been completely decided against me, you would have admitted it to lady catherine openly.'elizabeth laughed as she replied, 'yes, you knew enough of my readiness to speak plainly to believe that i was able to do that. after criticizing you so shamefully to your face, i could have no fear of criticizing you to your relations.''what did you say of me that i did not deserve? for though your charges were mistaken, my behaviour to you then was unpardonable. i have been selfish all my life. unfortunately, i was spoiled by my parents, who, though good themselves, encouraged me to be proud and to think with scorn of the rest of the world. that is how i was, and how i might still be if i had not met you, dearest elizabeth! you taught me a lesson, a hard one, but most advantageous. you showed me how small were all my claims to please a woman who deserved to be pleased.''i am almost afraid to ask what you thought of me when we met at pemberley. did you blame me for coming?''no, no, i felt nothing but surprise.''i admit that i did not expect to be so well received.''my aim then,' replied darcy, 'was to show you, by every attention, that i had no bad feelings for you, and i hoped to obtain your forgiveness, and lessen your bad opinion of me, by letting you see that i was trying to cure my faults.'after walking several miles in an unhurried manner, they examined their watches and found that it was time to be at home.wherever were mr bingley and jane! this thought introduced a discussion of their affairs. darcy was very happy that they had become engaged.'i must ask you whether you were surprised,' said elizabeth.'not at all. when i went away, i felt it would happen.''that is to say, you had given your permission.' and though he refused to say so, she found that it was very much the case.'i told him, before i left, that i thought that i had given him mistaken advice, and that i had been at fault in supposing your sister did not care for him.''did you speak from what you had seen yourself, or only from my information last spring?''from the former. i watched your sister closely during the two visits which i recently made here, and i felt sure of her love for bingley.'elizabeth would have liked to remark that mr bingley was a most satisfactory friend, so easily guided, but she controlled herself. she remembered that darcy still had to learn to be laughed at, and it was rather early to begin.they continued in conversation until they reached the house, and parted in the hall.***'my dear lizzy, where have you been walking to?' was the question which elizabeth received from jane as soon as she entered the room, and from all the others when they sat down to table. she had only to say that they had wandered about until they had lost their way. her face turned slightly red as she spoke, but nobody suspected the truth.the evening passed quietly. it was not in darcy's nature to express happiness through high spirits, and elizabeth was thinking of what her family would feel when everything was known.at night, she opened her heart to jane.'you are joking, lizzy. engaged to mr darcy! no, no, you shall not deceive me. i know that it is impossible.''but, it's true, i am serious. i speak nothing but the truth.''oh, lizzy, i know how much you dislike him.''that is all forgotten. perhaps i did not always love him as well as i do now.''but are you certain - forgive the question - are you quite certain that you can be happy with him?''there can be no doubt of that. but are you pleased, jane?''very, very much. nothing could give bingley or myself greater pleasure. oh, lizzy, are you sure that you feel what you ought to feel?''i am only afraid you will think that i feel more than i ought, when i tell you all.''what do you mean?''well, i must admit that i love him better than i do bingley. i am afraid that you will be angry.''my dearest sister, be serious. will you tell me how long you have loved him?''i believe that i must date it from my first seeing his beautiful grounds at pemberley.'another request that she should be serious produced the desired effect, and she soon made jane believe in her sincerity. elizabeth told the reasons for her former secrecy: her unsettled feelings, and her unwillingness to mention bingley, which she could hardly have avoided doing if she had spoken of the meeting in derbyshire. half the night was spent in conversation.'oh, heavens!' cried mrs bennet, as she stood at the window the next morning. 'that disagreeable mr darcy is coming here again with our dear bingley! what can he mean by being so annoying? lizzy, you must walk out with him again, so that he will not be in bingley's way.'elizabeth could hardly help laughing at so convenient a proposal, but she was really annoyed that her mother should be speaking of him in such a manner.as soon as they entered, bingley looked at her so expressively, and shook hands with such warmth, that she was in no doubt of his knowledge, and he soon afterwards said, 'mrs bennet, have you no more country roads round about here, in which lizzy may lose her way again today?''i advise mr darcy and lizzy and kitty,' said mrs bennet, 'to walk to oakham mount this morning. it is a nice long walk, and mr darcy has never seen the view.''i am sure that it would be too much for kitty,' said bingley.kitty admitted that she would rather stay at home. as elizabeth went upstairs, her mother followed her, saying:'i am sorry, lizzy, that you should be forced to have that disagreeable man all to yourself, but it is all for jane, you know. there is no need to talk to him, except just now and then, so do not put yourself to inconvenience.'during the walk, it was decided that mr bennet's agreement to the marriage should be asked during the evening. elizabeth kept for herself the duty of asking her mother's.in the evening, soon after mr bennet had gone to his library, mr darcy followed him. elizabeth's anxiety was extreme. she did not fear her father's opposition, but that she should be making him unhappy by her choice was a troubling thought. she was a little relieved by darcy's smile on his return, when he whispered to her, 'go to your father.' she went directly.her father was walking about the room, looking serious. 'lizzy,' he said, 'what are you doing? are you out of your mind, to be accepting this man? have you not always hated him?'how deeply she then wished that her former opinions had been more reasonable, and her expression of them less extreme! it would have saved her explanations that it was very awkward to give. she told him, in some confusion, of the strength of her feelings for mr darcy.'that is to say, you are determined to have him. he is rich, to be sure, and you may have more fine clothes and fine carriages than jane. but will they make you happy? we all know him to be a proud, unpleasant man.''i do, i do like him,' she replied, with tears in her eyes. 'and what you say of him is untrue. you do not know what he really is.''lizzy,' said her father, 'i have agreed. but let me advise you to think better of it. i know your nature, lizzy. i know that you could not be happy unless you truly respected your husband. my child, do not let me have the unhappiness of seeing you unable to think well of your partner in life.'at last, by repeating that mr darcy was really the object of her choice, by explaining the gradual change in her feelings, and her proof of the unchanging nature of his, and describing with energy all his good qualities, she did persuade her father to believe her, and make him satisfied with her choice. to complete his favourable opinion, she then told him what mr darcy had done for lydia.'well, my dear,' he said, when she had finished speaking, 'if this is the case, he deserves you. i could not have parted with you, my lizzy, to anyone who did not.'he then reminded her of her confusion a few days before when he was reading mr collins's letter and, after laughing at her, allowed her to go, saying as she left the room, 'if any young men come for mary or kitty, send them in. i am not busy.'elizabeth's mind was now relieved of a very heavy weight, and after half an hour's quiet thought in her own room, she was able to join the others in fairly settled spirits.when her mother went up to her dressing room at night, she followed her and made the important announcement. its effect was most astonishing. when she heard it, mrs bennet sat quite still, unable to say a word. only after many, many minutes could she understand what she had heard. she began at last to recover, to move about in her chair, get up, sit down again, and every now and then let out a small laugh.'oh, heavens! lord save me! only think! mr darcy! who would have thought it! oh, my sweetest lizzy, how rich and great you will be! what jewels, what carriages you will have! jane's is nothing to it - nothing at all. such a pleasant man! so good-looking! so tall! oh, my dear lizzy! do apologize for my having disliked him so much before. dear, dear lizzy. a house in town! three daughters married! ten thousand a year! oh, heavens! what will happen to me? i shall go out of my mind.'this was an unpleasing example of what her mother's behaviour might be like in the presence of mr darcy, but the next day passed off better than elizabeth expected. luckily mrs bennet was so filled with respect for her intended son-in-law that she did not dare to speak to him, except to offer him some mark of attention.elizabeth had the satisfaction of seeing her father making every effort to know him better, and mr bennet soon informed her that mr darcy was rising in his opinion every hour.chapter twenty eight