mr bennet was among the first of those who visited mr bingley. he had always intended to do so, though he continued to let his wife believe that he would not go. he finally made his intentions known in the following way.watching his second daughter occupied in sewing a coloured band around a hat, he suddenly addressed her with:'i hope mr bingley will like it, lizzy.''we are not in a position to know what mr bingley likes,' said her mother bitterly, 'if we are not to visit him.''but you forget, mother,' said elizabeth, 'that we shall meet him at the public balls, and that mrs long has promised to introduce him.''i do not believe mrs long will do any such thing. she has two nieces of her own. she is a selfish, insincere woman, and i have no opinion of her.''neither have i,' said mr bennet, 'and i am glad to find that you do not depend on her serving you.'mrs bennet would not make any reply, but, unable to control her annoyance, began complaining to one of her daughters.'don't keep coughing so, kitty! have a little pity on my poor nerves.''kitty lacks judgment in her coughs,' said her father. 'she chooses the wrong moment.''i do not cough for my own amusement,' replied kitty. 'when is your next ball to be, lizzy?''in two weeks from tomorrow.''so it is,' cried her mother 'i and mrs long does not come back until the day before, so it will be impossible for her to introduce him, because she will not know him herself.''then, my dear, you may have the advantage of your friend, and introduce mr bingley to her!''impossible, mr bennet, impossible, when i am not acquainted with him myself. how can you be so annoying!''well, if you will not perform this duty, i will do it myself.'the girls looked at their father. mrs bennet said: 'nonsense, nonsense! i am sick of mr bingley''i am sorry to hear that, but why did you not tell me so before? if i had known it this morning, i certainly would not have gone to see him. it is very unlucky, but as i have actually paid the visit, we cannot escape the acquaintance now.'the astonishment of the ladies was just what he wished, that of mrs bennet being perhaps beyond the rest, though when the first excitement was over, she began to say that it was what she had expected all the time.'how good it was of you! i was sure you loved your girls too well to neglect such an acquaintance. well, how pleased i am! and it is such a good joke, too, that you went this morning, and never said a word about it until now.''now, kitty, you may cough as much as you choose,' said mr bennet, as he left the room, having had enough of his wife's talk.'what an excellent father you have, girls,' she said, when the door was shut. 'i do not know how you will ever repay him for his kindness. at our time of life, it is not so pleasant, i can tell you, to be making new acquaintances every day, but for our dear daughters we would do anything. lydia, my love, though you are the youngest, i dare say mr bingley will dance with you at the next ball.''oh,' said lydia confidently, 'i am not afraid. though i am the youngest, i'm the tallest.'the rest of the evening was spent discussing how soon mr bingley would return mr bennet's visit, and deciding when they should ask him to dinner.all that mrs bennet, together with her five daughters, could ask on the subject, was not enough to draw from her husband any satisfactory description of mr bingley. they were forced at last to accept the second-hand information of their neighbour, lady lucas. her report was highly favourable. he was quite young, very good-looking, extremely agreeable, and, in addition to all this, he planned to be at the next public ball. nothing could be more exciting!in a few days mr bingley returned mr bennet's visit, and sat for about ten minutes with him in the library. he had hoped to see the young ladies, of whose beauty he had heard a great deal, but he saw only the father. the ladies were more fortunate. they had the advantage of observing, from an upstairs window, that he wore a blue coat and rode a black horse.an invitation to dinner was sent soon after, and mrs bennet had already planned the meal that was to show the quality of her housekeeping, when an answer arrived which changed everything. mr bingley found it necessary to be in london the following day, and was therefore unable to accept the honour of their invitation. mrs bennet was both disappointed and worried. she began to fear that he might always be flying about from one place to another, and never settled in netherfield as he ought to be. lady lucas quietened her fears a little by spreading the word that he had gone to london only to collect a large party for the ball, and a report soon followed that mr bingley would bring twelve ladies and seven gentlemen with him. the girls were unhappy at the thought of such a large number of ladies, but were comforted to find, when the party entered the ballroom, that it was in fact made up of only five altogether: mr bingley, his two sisters, the husband of the older one, and another young man.mr bingley was good-looking and gentlemanly. his sisters were fine women dressed in the latest fashions. his sister's husband, mr hurst, simply looked like the gentleman he was, but mr darcy soon drew the attention of everyone by his fine tall form, noble face, and the report, which was passed round the room within five minutes of his entrance, that he had an income of ten thousand pounds a year. he was looked at with admiration for half the evening, until his manners caused a general disgust which ended his popularity.mr bingley had soon made himself acquainted with all the important people in the room. he danced every dance, was angry that the ball closed so early, and talked of giving one himself at netherfield. what a difference between himself and his friend! mr darcy danced only once with mrs hurst and once with miss bingley, refused to be introduced to any other lady, and spent the rest of the evening walking around the room. mrs bennet's dislike of his behaviour was sharpened by his having made one of her daughters appear neglected.elizabeth bennet had been forced, by the small number of gentlemen, to sit out for two dances, and during part of that time mr darcy had been standing near enough for her to hear, against her will, a conversation between him and mr bingley, who left the dancing for a few minutes to urge his friend to join in.'come, darcy,' he said, 'i hate to see you standing around by yourself like this. you really should be dancing.''i certainly shall not. both your sisters already have partners, and there is not another woman in the room with whom i would care to dance.''i would not like to be so difficult to please as you are,' cried bingley. 'i have never met with so many pleasant girls in my life.''you are dancing with the only good-looking one,' said mr darcy, looking at the oldest miss bennet.'oh, she is the most beautiful creature that i ever saw! but there is one of her sisters sitting down just behind you, who is very attractive and probably very agreeable. do let me ask my partner to introduce you.''which do you mean?' darcy asked. turning round, he looked for a moment at elizabeth, until, catching her eye, he looked away and coldly said: 'she is fairly pretty, but not good-looking enough.'he walked off, and elizabeth remained with no very friendly feelings towards him. but she told the story with great spirit among her friends, because she had a playful nature and a strong sense of humour.the evening on the whole passed off pleasantly for all the family. mrs bennet had seen her oldest daughter much admired by the netherfield party. mr bingley had danced with her twice, and she had been an object of attention by his sisters. jane was as much pleased by this as her mother, though in a quieter way. elizabeth shared jane's pleasure, as she always did. lydia and kitty had never been without partners, and mary, the least pretty of the family, had heard herself praised to miss bingley as a skilled musician.they returned, therefore, in good spirits to longbourn, the village in hertfordshire where they lived, and of which they were the most important family.within a short walk of longbourn there lived a family with whom the bennet's were especially friendly. sir william lucas had formerly been in trade in the town of meryton, where he had made a fairly large fortune and risen to the honour of a title of rank. this honour had, perhaps, been felt too strongly. it had given him a disgust for his business and for his home in a small market town, and, leaving them both, he had moved with his family to a house about a mile from meryton, which he called lucas lodge. but though proud of his rank, he was friendly and ready to help anyone who needed it. lady lucas was a very good kind of woman, not too clever to be a valuable neighbour to mrs bennet. they had several children. the oldest of them, a sensible young woman of about twenty-seven, was elizabeth's special friend.it was a time-honoured tradition for the misses lucas and the misses bennet to meet and talk after a ball, and so the following morning brought the former to longbourn for that purpose.'you began the evening well, charlotte,' said mrs bennet, with forced politeness, to miss lucas. 'you were mr bingley's first choice.''yes, but he seemed to like his second better.''oh, you mean jane, i suppose, because he danced with her twice. certainly that did seem as if he admired her. it does seem as if- but it may not lead to anything, you know.''but mr darcy is not so worth listening to as his friend, is he?' said charlotte. 'poor eliza! to be only just fairly pretty!''i hope you will not put it into lizzy's head to be annoyed by his rude treatment. he is such a disagreeable man that it would be quite a misfortune to be liked by him. mrs long told me last night that he sat next to her for half an hour without once opening his lips.''are you quite sure, madam? is there not some mistake?' said jane. 'i certainly saw mr darcy speaking to her.''yes, because she finally asked him how he liked netherfield, and he could not help answering her, but she said he seemed very angry at being spoken to.''miss bingley told me,' said jane, 'that he never speaks much except among people he knows well. with them he is extremely agreeable.''i do not believe a word of it, my dear.''i do not mind his not talking to mrs long,' said miss lucas, 'but i wish he had danced with eliza.''another time, lizzy' said her mother,'i would not dance with him, if i were you.''his pride,' said miss lucas, 'does not offend me so much as pride often does, because there is an excuse for it. one cannot be surprised that such a fine young man with family and fortune should think highly of himself.''that is very true,' replied eliza, 'and i could easily forgive his pride, if he had not wounded mine!