she watched with excitement as the new buildings went up, and could hardly wait for the rains to come to see the young tobacco plants growing in the fields. the rains came on time that year and for almost a month the crop grew steadily. but soon after christmas the rain stopped. no more rain fell for weeks; the ground became dry and the plants began to die. the rains did come again, but it was too late. when dick told mary what had happened she felt he was glad. but she could not blame him, because it was clearly not his fault. when he explained that they would have to borrow more money to keep the farm going, mary begged him to try tobacco again for just one more year... to plant even more land and risk everything on the rains being good next year.'we can't have bad rains for two years,' she said with desperation in her voice.'but if we do, we'll lose the farm,' replied dick.'if we do, we do. maybe that would be a good thing,' she shouted.but dick would not agree to rely on a tobacco crop again and mary gave up trying to persuade him. he was pleasantly surprised that she did not seem to be too unhappy... at least, she was not showing obvious signs of it at the moment. so dick prepared once again to face the coming year on the farm, hoping that things would improve.for mary, the tobacco crop had been her last hope, and its failure had a powerful effect on her. her dreams were gone and she began to lose all interest in things around her. she was tired. her days were spent in the house where she did little, but found it difficult to sit still. her nights were restless and she slept badly. she did what she had to do in a mechanical way. after a while even these movements slowed to a complete stop and she spent her days sitting quietly on the sofa. she felt that she had somehow gone over the edge and could not return.'i want to have a child,' she said one day.now for years dick had wanted children, but he had always felt they were too poor. mary had never encouraged his wish for a family.'but the money, mary. we haven't got the money. school bills, books, train fares, clothes... we just can't afford it at the moment.'then they argued. but they both knew it was a foolish idea to have a child now, and the subject was never mentioned again.time passed, and mary came to see the sad truth about their lives more clearly. dick was kind to her but she had no respect for him. there was no hope for their future. they could only continue to be miserable; they would always be poor whites. and now she gave way completely. all day she sat on the sofa with her eyes shut, feeling the heat beating down. for weeks she spoke to no one but dick and the servant, and dick saw her only for five minutes in the morning and for half an hour before he fell into bed exhausted at the end of the day. then, in the full heat of the summer, the latest servant told her he was leaving.by now mary had a name among the natives for being a terrible employer, and dick found it impossible to get a new servant. he decided to bring one of the farm workers up to the house. mary could teach him what to do.when the native came, mary immediately recognised him as the one she had hit with the whip that day in the fields. 'he's the best one i can find,' said dick; he knew nothing about this earlier event. mary said nothing, and the boy, moses, stayed.she began teaching him what to do in the house, but she was not able to behave towards him in the way she had with the others. she could not forget that day and in the back of her mind she feared that he would attack her. but he acted like the rest. he was silent and patient and kept his eyes down at all times. she used to sit watching him. the white shirt and shorts she had given him were too small; his strong arms filled out the thin cloth of the sleeves until she thought it would burst. he was a good worker, and he showed no sign of remembering that she had hit him. she soon became used to him and began to shout at him in her normal way. but things were not quite the same as before.she tried not to be around when the boy had his daily wash.one morning, though, after she had collected eggs from the chicken houses, she found herself standing a few yards from him. he had his back to her and was washing his neck. as she looked he turned, by some chance, and saw her. he stood up straight and waited for her to leave. she was filled with anger and embarrassment at the idea that this native should think she was there on purpose and felt that she wanted to hit him, just as she had done before. but she turned away and walked back to the house. this was the first time she had felt anything at all for months: the sharp stones under her feet; the heat of the sun on her neck; his eyes on her back.in the house, she was as nervous as if she had put her hand on a dangerous snake. she moved between the kitchen and the sitting room, thinking of that thick, black, powerful neck. the way he had looked seemed to threaten the normal ways of behaving between black and white, between servant and employer. she felt a deep anger and had to do something at once. when he returned to the house, she shouted at him: 'wash this floor!''i washed it this morning,' said the native slowly, his eyes burning into her.'i said, wash it. do it at once!' her voice rose on these last words. for a moment they looked at each other with hatred.she lay down on the sofa as he washed the floor. she was shaking. she could feel the blood in her ears, and her mouth was dry. when he had finished, she said sharply, 'it's time to lay the table.' she watched him closely. every movement he made angered her but every time she gave him an order, he followed her instructions patiently and well. when he spoke to her, he spoke politely. later he stood silently outside the back door in the sun, looking at nothing, not moving. she wanted to scream, but there was nothing more for him to do. again she moved around the house, the anger still boiling inside her. then she went into the bedroom and burst into tears, trying to hide the sound of her crying from the native. she cried for some time; then, as she lifted her eyes to dry them, saw the clock. dick would be home soon and he must not see her like this. she washed her face, combed her hair, and put some powder on the dark bags under her eyes.that meal was silent as all their meals were. he looked at her face and knew what was wrong. it was always because of rows with the servants that she cried. but he was disappointed, for he thought she had stopped having arguments with them. she ate nothing, keeping her head bent down as moses moved quietly around the table.when the native was out of the room, dick said angrily, 'mary, you must keep this boy. he's the best we have ever had. no more changing servants; i've had enough. i'm warning you, mary.'she did not reply; she was weak with the tears and anger of the morning. he looked at her in surprise; he had expected her to shout back at him as she usually did. her silence made him continue. 'mary,' he said, 'did you hear what i said?''yes,' she answered with difficulty.when dick left, she went immediately to the bedroom to avoid the sight of the native clearing the table. she slept all afternoon waiting for her husband's return.