up in his room he saw his reflection in the familiar mirror - he went closer and examined his own face with anxiety, comparing it after a moment with a photograph of himself in uniform taken just before the war."good lord!" he said aloud. the process was continuing. there was no doubt of it - he looked now like a man of thirty. instead of being delighted, he was uneasy - he was growing younger. he had hitherto hoped that once he reached a bodily age equivalent to his age in years, the grotesque phenomenon which had marked his birth would cease to function. he shuddered. his destiny seemed to him awful, incredible.when he came downstairs hildegarde was waiting for him. she appeared annoyed, and he wondered if she had at last discovered that there was something amiss. it was with an effort to relieve the tension between them that he broached the matter at dinner in what he considered a delicate way."well," he remarked lightly, "everybody says i look younger than ever."hildegarde regarded him with scorn. she sniffed. "do you think it's anything to boast about?""i'm not boasting," he asserted uncomfortably.she sniffed again. "the idea," she said, and after a moment: "i should think you'd have enough pride to stop it.""how can i?" he demanded."i'm not going to argue with you," she retorted. "but there's a right way of doing things and a wrong way. if you've made up your mind to be different from everybody else, i don't suppose i can stop you, but i really don't think it's very considerate.""but, hildegarde, i can't help it.""you can too. you're simply stubborn. you think you don't want to be like any one else. you always have been that way, and you always will be. but just think how it would be if every one else looked at things as you do - what would the world be like?"as this was an inane and unanswerable argument benjamin made no reply, and from that time on a chasm began to widen between them. he wondered what possible fascination she had ever exercised over him.to add to the breach, he found, as the new century gathered headway, that his thirst for gaiety grew stronger. never a party of any kind in the city of baltimore but he was there, dancing with the prettiest of the young married women, chatting with the most popular of the debutantes, and finding their company charming, while his wife, a dowager of evil omen, sat among the chaperons, now in haughty disapproval, and now following him with solemn, puzzled, and reproachful eyes."look!" people would remark. "what a pity! a young fellow that age tied to a woman of forty - five. he must be twenty years younger than his wife." they had forgotten - as people inevitably forget - that back in 1880 their mammas and papas had also remarked about this same ill - matched pair.benjamin's growing unhappiness at home was compensated for by his many new interests. he took up golf and made a great success of it. he went in for dancing: in 1906 he was an expert at "the boston," and in 1908 he was considered proficient at the "maxine," while in 1909 his "castle walk" was the envy of every young man in town.his social activities, of course, interfered to some extent with his business, but then he had worked hard at wholesale hardware for twenty - five years and felt that he could soon hand it on to his son, roscoe, who had recently graduated from harvard.he and his son were, in fact, often mistaken for each other. this pleased benjamin - he soon forgot the insidious fear which had come over him on his return from the spanish - american war, and grew to take a naive pleasure in his appearance. there was only one fly in the delicious ointment - he hated to appear in public with his wife. hildegarde was almost fifty, and the sight of her made him feel absurd...