she then looked around for something else to keep her busy, and for the next few months she sewed. hour after hour she sat sewing designs on dresses, handkerchieves, bedclothes and curtains. she began early in the morning and worked until the sun went down. then the sewing came to an end. for the next two weeks she painted the house - inside and out. the little white house shone brightly in the hot sun.mary found she was tired. she tried filling the time by reading the books she had brought with her from the town, books she had read a hundred times before but still loved. as she read them again now, it was difficult to understand what she had got from them before. they seemed to be without meaning in this new, strange life, so she packed them away again.'can't we have ceilings?' she asked dick one day. 'this room is so hot under the metal roof.''it would cost so much. perhaps next year, if we do well,' he replied.samson was not happy. this woman never laughed. she put out exactly the right amount of food for their meals, and never left any extra for him. she regularly accused him of stealing, and there were often arguments in the kitchen. dick could not understand her anger; he had always expected samson to take some food for himself. but mary could not accept this, and when food went missing she reduced samson's wages. one evening, samson left his job, saying that he was needed by his family, and to mary's amazement dick was angry with her. he was sorry to see samson go.another native came to the door asking for work. he was young and tall but nervous, for he had never been inside a white person's house before. mary gave him a job, paying him lower wages than samson. the following day the new boy dropped a plate and she sent him away again.the next boy was quite different. he was used to working for white women. mary followed him around all the time, checking that his work was done well, always calling him back if she found anything that was not finished to her satisfaction. she felt she could not take her eyes off him; as soon as her back was turned he would steal something, she was sure of that.time passed, and the heat made her feel worse and worse. she began to take baths in the afternoon. the boy brought cans of water and, when she was sure he was out of the house, she took her clothes off and poured the water over herself.dick noticed that the water was disappearing fast. it was fetched twice a week, and it took two men and a pair of animals about an hour each time. when mary told him what she was using the water for, he could hardly believe it. he shouted angrily at her about the money she was wasting, and for mary this seemed too much. he had brought her here to this awful place, but she had not complained. and now he refused to allow her to wash when she wanted! they agreed in the end that she would fill the bath and use the same water for several days.when dick left, she went into the bathroom and stared down at the old bath. it was made of metal and set into the mud floor. over the years it had become covered with dirt. when she used it she sat in the middle, trying to keep her body away from the sides, getting out as soon as she could. the next day, she called the boy and told him to clean every bit of dirt from the bath, to clean it until it shone. it was eleven o'clock.when dick returned for lunch he found her cooking.'why are you doing the cooking? where's the boy?''cleaning the bath,' she said angrily.dick went to the bathroom where the boy was still trying, with little success, to remove the dirt from the bath.'why make him do it now?' he said to mary. 'it's been like that for years. it's not dirt in the bath - it just changes colour because it's made of metal. he'll never get it like you want it.'but she insisted that the boy should continue, and dick returned to the fields without eating. he could not be with her when she was like this. mary sat on the sofa and listened. at half past three the boy walked into the living room and said he was going to have some food. she had forgotten completely about his need to eat; in fact she had never thought of natives as needing to eat at all.when he had gone, she went outside. the week before, a fire had spread over part of their farm and still, here and there, fallen trees smoked in large areas of blackness where the fire had destroyed the crops. she tried not to think about the money they had lost.suddenly she saw a car in the distance, and a few minutes later she realised it was coming towards the house. visitors! dick had said she should expect people to call. she ran to get the boy to make tea, but of course he was not there. she rushed out to the old tree in front of the house and beat the piece of hanging metal ten times. this was the signal that the houseboy should come immediately. she looked down at her dress, but it was too late - the car was almost at the house. and then she saw dick's car coming too, and was glad that he would be here to receive the visitors.charlie slatter and his wife came in and sat down, the men on one side of the room and the women on the other. while the men talked about farming, mrs slatter tried to say kind things about what mary had done to the house. and she meant them; she remembered what it was like to be poor. but mary was ashamed and embarrassed by her surroundings, so became very stiff and uncomfortable and did not return mrs slatter's friendliness. after a while mrs slatter stopped trying, and the two talked with some difficulty for the rest of the visit. mary was glad when they left, but dick had enjoyed his men's talk with charlie.'you should go and visit her sometimes,' dick said. 'you can take the car.''but i don't want to. i'm not lonely,' mary replied.at that moment the servant came to them, holding his contract of work. he wanted to leave; he was needed by his family. mary immediately lost her temper, but dick silenced her. the boy told dick that he had been given no time to eat that day. he could not work like this. dick told him that mary was new to life in the country and did not know much about running a house yet. it would not happen again.mary could not believe what she was hearing. dick was taking the servant's side against her!'he's human like everybody else,' shouted dick. 'he's got to eat. why does this bath have to be done in one day?''it's my house. he's my boy. don't interfere!' cried mary. 'you expect me to live this awful life, like a poor white in this terrible house! you're too mean to put ceilings in to make the house a little more comfortable!''i told you what to expect when you married me. you can't accuse me of lying to you. and the ceilings... you can forget them! i've lived here for six years without ceilings and it hasn't hurt me!' dick stopped shouting as he began to regret his anger. 'the boy will stay now. be fair to him and don't make a fool of yourself again.'mary walked straight to the kitchen, gave the boy the money he was owed, and told him to leave the house and not return.'it's not me you're hurting, but yourself,' said dick. 'soon you won't be able to get any servants. they'll all know about you and they won't come.'for a while she did the work herself. she cooked and cleaned, and often cried. this awful life, this unhappiness between the two of them. deep inside she was building up a great anger and hatred, not only against the native who had left, but against all natives.she and dick were invited to a party at the slatters', but mary refused to go. she apologised in a very formal note which offended mrs slatter. mrs slatter felt sorry for dick for having such a wife, and when charlie went to see dick he avoided going to the house.'why don't you plant tobacco? you can make money easily,' he suggested, sympathetic to dick's difficult financial position.but dick would not listen. 'you're a fool!' said charlie. 'don't come to me when your wife is going to have a child and you need money.''i've never asked you for anything,' dick replied angrily, but when charlie went away he was so worried he felt sick. perhaps having children would make the situation better. he made himself work harder, but matters in the house did not improve. mary just could not live in peace with the native servants. a cook never stayed longer than a month, and all the time she was bad-tempered. sometimes he felt it was all his fault, because life was so hard. but at other times he ran out of the house in anger. if only she could have something to fill her time - that was the main problem.