but it was then that dick became ill and the new feeling between them, which might have grown, was not yet strong enough to live through this fresh trouble. he was hit suddenly by malaria and, because he had never been ill before, took it badly and became difficult. he lay in his bed for days, from time to time asking mary about the farm, for he knew that nothing would get done if he was not there to watch the natives. she realised that he wanted her to go down and see to things, but did not like to suggest it. in the end, though, she felt she had to go, or dick would try to get up before he was well.she hated the idea of mixing with the natives in the fields. as she left the house with the car keys in her hand she noticed the whip hanging near the door and took it down. she turned it around in her fingers; it made her feel strong.when she arrived at the fields, there were no natives to be seen. they knew of dick's illness, of course, and had returned to their huts. she walked to the place where they lived on the edge of the farm. how she disliked coming here: flies everywhere, naked children, women with their breasts showing. looking through doors she could see men asleep; other men stood and watched her.she found the head boy and spoke to him angrily: 'get the boys out into the fields! i'll take money off the wages of everyone who is not at work in ten minutes.'none of the men moved, and there was laughter from some of the women sitting near. ten minutes,' she said sharply, then turned and walked away.the first of the workers reached the fields half an hour later, and by the end of an hour no more than half the men were there. she called the head boy and took the names of those who were still missing, then she sat in the car and watched. there was almost no talking; the natives hated a woman being there, watching them. at lunch-time she returned to the house but did not tell dick exactly what had happened, because she did not want to worry him. in the afternoon she drove down again. she was beginning to like this strange new feeling of responsibility for the farm.this time she left the car and walked in the fields among the workers. in her hand was the whip. it made her feel powerful against the hatred of the natives. whenever one of the boys stopped working she looked at her watch, and as soon as one minute had passed she shouted at him to get on. all afternoon she did this. how could she know that it was dick's habit to give them a five-minute rest every hour?at the end of the week the workers came to the house to be paid. they made a queue in front of the table at which mary was sitting. one by one she paid them, carefully counting out the money from a box. as she came to those who had not been at work at all on that first day, she took off ten per cent of their wages. there was anger among the natives, which grew from low whispers to angry shouts.'tell them that if they don't like it they can get off the farm,' she told the head boy firmly, picking up the table and going back into the house. the protests continued but at last the natives went away.she was filled with a feeling of victory. 'dirty kaffirs!' she said to dick. 'how they smell!''they think we smell bad too, you know' replied dick. 'what was all the noise about?''oh, nothing much.' she had decided not to tell him that some of the boys were leaving, at least until he was well.'i hope you're being careful with them. it's not easy to get workers these days.''i don't believe in being soft with them. if i had my way, i'd use this whip on all of them. they make me sick!'she was beginning to find out more and more about how the farm worked. she looked at all the crops and spent a long time analysing dick's cash books. at first she thought she must be mistaken, but she soon realised that the farm was a disaster, and could see easily the causes of their poverty. she realised bitterly that her husband was a complete fool. there was not a single thing done properly on the whole place. he was growing the wrong crops. he started things that he never finished. how could he not see his mistakes?dick was getting better now, and on the last day before he returned to work, mary was in the fields as usual. she watched the natives, thinking about the changes that needed to be made to the farm. suddenly she noticed that one of the boys was not working. he had fallen out of line and seemed to be breathing heavily. she looked at her watch. one minute passed, then two. she waited until three minutes had gone before shouting, 'get back to work.' the native looked at her slowly, then turned away. he was going to fetch some water from the petrol tin that stood in the shadows under a tree. she spoke again, sharply, her voice rising: 'i said get back to work!'he turned to face her. 'i want a drink,' he said in a language she did not understand.'don't speak to me in that language,' she screamed. she looked around for the head boy, but he was not in sight.the man said in english, very slowly, 'i... want... water,' and suddenly smiled and pointed to his mouth.the other natives, who had stopped working, started to laugh. she thought they were laughing at her, and was so angry that she could hardly speak.'don't speak english to me!' she shouted at last, and then stopped.the man looked around at the others as if to say, 'she won't let me speak my own language and now i mustn't speak english. what other language is there?'she opened her mouth again, but nothing came out as she saw open amusement in the eyes of the native.without thinking, she raised the whip high and brought it down hard across his face. blood burst from his cheek as she looked, and a drop ran down his chin and fell on to his chest. he was a huge man, bigger than all the others, wearing only a small piece of cloth around his waist. she stood still, terrified at what would happen next. she knew all the natives were standing around her. 'now get back to work,' she shouted. for a moment the man looked at her in a way that made her stomach turn liquid with fear. then slowly he went away and they all began to work silently. she was shaking with fear at what she had done and at the look she had seen in the man's eyes.she had planned to have a long argument with dick that night, now that he was well again. it had seemed so easy when she was down in the fields, but when he was in front of her she found it difficult to begin to tell him how he should reorganise the farm. he was busy preparing himself for the next day but did not discuss the farm with her, and she felt insulted. had she not had full responsibility for it during the last few weeks?two days later, when dick seemed fully himself again, she began. she painted a picture for him of exactly how the farm was operating, and what money he could expect in return if there were no crop failures or bad seasons. she showed him quite clearly that they would never escape from poverty if they continued as they had been. she spoke for some time, showing him the figures she had written on a piece of paper, and while she talked he felt both admiration and self-pity. although she was making some mistakes over detail, in general she was right; every cruel thing she said was true! but he felt hurt that she did not seem to understand - for him the farm was not just a money-making machine; he loved the earth and planted trees to put something back into the land, not to get rich! she told him they should grow tobacco, not small food crops; tobacco would make money.'and when we've made money? what then?' said dick slowly.she looked at him. she had not really thought of the future very clearly. she dreamed of getting out of this awful poverty trap. when she thought of what she wanted, she could only imagine herself back in town at the club, leading her own life. dick did not fit into this picture. so when he repeated his question, she looked away and replied quickly, 'well, we can't go on like this, can we?'then he knew. he realised that she saw a future in the town - a place where he could never live. he loved every tree on his land and he knew he could never live anywhere else. should he work towards a future which would lead to mary leaving the farm... and leaving him? but perhaps when things got better - and when they had children - she would see how good life could be. but he was afraid, and he did not know what to do next.at last he looked up and with an unhappy, twisted smile said, 'well, can i think about it for a few days?''i'm going to bed,' she replied sharply, and left him sitting there alone with his thoughts.three days later he told her quietly that he had arranged for two new buildings to be put up. when he looked towards her, he saw that her eyes were full of a new hope. but she could not hide the feeling of victory over him.