he was admitted, and almost immediately attained a prominent position in the class, partly because he seemed a little older than the other freshmen, whose average age was about eighteen.but his success was largely due to the fact that in the football game with yale he played so brilliantly, with so much dash and with such a cold, remorseless anger that he scored seven touchdowns and fourteen field goals for harvard, and caused one entire eleven of yale men to be carried singly from the field, unconscious. he was the most celebrated man in college.strange to say, in his third or junior year he was scarcely able to "make" the team. the coaches said that he had lost weight, and it seemed to the more observant among them that he was not quite as tall as before. he made no touchdowns - indeed, he was retained on the team chiefly in hope that his enormous reputation would bring terror and disorganisation to the yale team.in his senior year he did not make the team at all. he had grown so slight and frail that one day he was taken by some sophomores for a freshman, an incident which humiliated him terribly. he became known as something of a prodigy - a senior who was surely no more than sixteen - and he was often shocked at the worldliness of some of his classmates. his studies seemed harder to him - he felt that they were too advanced. he had heard his classmates speak of st. midas's, the famous preparatory school, at which so many of them had prepared for college, and he determined after his graduation to enter himself at st. midas's, where the sheltered life among boys his own size would be more congenial to him.upon his graduation in 1914 he went home to baltimore with his harvard diploma in his pocket. hildegarde was now residing in italy, so benjamin went to live with his son, roscoe. but though he was welcomed in a general way there was obviously no heartiness in roscoe's feeling toward him - there was even perceptible a tendency on his son's part to think that benjamin, as he moped about the house in adolescent mooniness, was somewhat in the way. roscoe was married now and prominent in baltimore life, and he wanted no scandal to creep out in connection with his family.benjamin, no longer persona grata with the debutantes and younger college set, found himself left much done, except for the companionship of three or four fifteen - year - old boys in the neighbourhood. his idea of going to st. midas's school recurred to him."say," he said to roscoe one day, "i've told you over and over that i want to go to prep, school.""well, go, then," replied roscoe shortly. the matter was distasteful to him, and he wished to avoid a discussion."i can't go alone," said benjamin helplessly. "you'll have to enter me and take me up there.""i haven't got time," declared roscoe abruptly. his eyes narrowed and he looked uneasily at his father. "as a matter of fact," he added, "you'd better not go on with this business much longer. you better pull up short. you better - you better" - he paused and his face crimsoned as he sought for words - "you better turn right around and start back the other way. this has gone too far to be a joke. it isn't funny any longer. you - you behave yourself!"benjamin looked at him, on the verge of tears."and another thing," continued roscoe, "when visitors are in the house i want you to call me 'uncle' - not 'roscoe,' but 'uncle,' do you understand? it looks absurd for a boy of fifteen to call me by my first name. perhaps you'd better call me 'uncle' all the time, so you'll get used to it."with a harsh look at his father, roscoe turned away...