jimmy and gerald both knew what was the first thing needed by the unconscious man, even before mabel impatiently said: 'water! water!'the two boys turned away.'and if they go after us?' asked jimmy.'what go after us?' said gerald sharply.'the ugly-wuglies,' jimmy whispered.'i'll do it,' said gerald. he looked to right and left very carefully, and chose the way to the lake that did not lead near the bushes. he dropped his handkerchief into the water and returned to the temple of flora. it was with this that the girls wiped the blood from the man's forehead.'we need smelling salts,' said kathleen to mabel. 'hasn't your aunt any?''yes, but -'don't be a coward,' said gerald; 'they won't hurt you.'there was no choice, so mabel looked at the bushes and ran towards the castle.'he's not dead, is he?' asked jimmy anxiously.'no,' said kathleen, 'his heart's beating. how good-looking he is!'suddenly a shadow fell on the marble beside them and a voice said: 'quite a nice young man.'the children looked up and saw the face of the respectable ugly-wugly. jimmy and kathleen screamed. gerald was not frightened because he was wearing the magic ring. he looked into the face of the ugly-wugly and started. the face was no longer paper. it was a real face, and the hands were real hands. it was alive.'what happened?' asked gerald.'the others lost their way in the passage last night,' said the ugly-wugly. they never found the hotel.''did you?' asked gerald.'of course,' said the ugly-wugly. 'most respectable, exactly as you said. then when i came away i found the others all at this door, very angry. they'd been here all night, trying to get out. then this gentleman opened the door and that man in the high hat who has bad manners hit him on the head, and he fell where you see him. the others went away, and i myself was just going for help when i saw you.'jimmy was sobbing and kathleen was white as drawing- paper.'what's the matter, my little man?' said the respectable ugly-wugly kindly.'here, take the ring!' whispered gerald and put it on jimmy's finger. jimmy stopped crying at once. and gerald realized what it was that mabel had gone through the night before. but it was daylight, and gerald was not a coward.'we must find the others,' he said. 'you two go and see. i'll stay with the man.'in the wood jimmy, now fearless as a lion, discovered the ugly-wuglies. there was no life in them. jimmy shook them to pieces.when kathleen and jimmy returned to the temple of flora, gerald asked the elderly ugly-wugly to hide in the bushes with jimmy. 'i think,' said he, 'the man may be upset when he sees the strangers.'so the two disappeared behind the bushes. mabel came back with the salts just as the stranger opened his eyes with the question: 'what's up now?''you've hurt your head,' said gerald.the man sat up, looked round him and said: 'when did it happen?''we don't know. we found you like it,' said gerald.'i'm all right now,' said the stranger, 'thank you for the first aid. but what an odd thing!''what's an odd thing?' asked gerald.'well, i saw you just before i fainted, or whatever it was - but i had the most extraordinary dream while i was un-conscious and you were in it.''only us?' asked mabel.'oh, many things - impossible things - but you were real enough.'everyone breathed deeply in relief.'i dreamed there was a door behind flora's statue, but of course there isn't. i don't know how to thank you,' he added, looking at them with what the girls called his beautiful, kind eyes; 'you come here when you like, you know.''i'll tell you what,' said gerald, as the stranger disappeared in the trees, 'i think i know how we can spend the day. let's go home and seal up the ring in an envelope so that it'll be powerless to do something horrible. then we'll get out on the roof and have a quiet day - books and apples. i'm fed up with adventures.'the others told him the same thing.'but first we must get rid of that ugly-wugly,' said gerald. 'the ugly-wugly's real - don't make any mistake about that. and he became real inside that passage. if we could get him back there he might get changed again, and then we could take the coats and things back.''isn't there any other way?' kathleen asked; and mabel said sharply: 'i'm not going into that passage!''afraid! in broad daylight,' gerald sneered.'it isn't broad daylight in there,' said mabel.'anyway,' said gerald, 'we'll try to get him back, and shut the door. that's the most we can hope for. now, we've just got to do it. and he's not terrible. he's real, you see. come on!'he took a hand of each girl, and they walked towards the bushes behind which jimmy and the ugly-wugly had been told to wait. when they were near the bushes jimmy came out into the sunlight. he was alone.'where is it?' asked the girls in one breath.'walking up and down in a walk,' said jimmy, 'doing sums in a book. he says he's a broker. he's very rich, he's got a car, and a garden with a tennis-court and a lake and he goes to greece for his holiday sometimes. he's building a public library for the people where he lives.'the children passed the bushes and reached a grass walk surrounded by trees of different kinds. 'he's just round that corner,' said jimmy. he's simply rolling in money. he doesn't know what to do with it. i wish i was rich; i'd soon show him-''oh!' cried gerald. there, in the green shadows of the trees jimmy got his wish. he became rich. and the horrible thing was that though they could see what was happening, they could not stop it. the whole thing was over in a few seconds. yet in those few seconds they saw him grow to a young man, a middle-aged man; and then, he turned into an elderly gentleman, who was looking down at them through spectacles and asking them the nearest way to the railway-station. it was hard to believe that this stout, well-dressed elderly gentleman with the high hat was their own jimmy.'oh, jimmy, don't!' cried mabel.gerald said: 'this is awful,' and kathleen burst into tears.'don't cry, little girl!' said that-which-had-been jimmy; 'and you, boy, can't you give an answer to a question?''he doesn't know us!' cried kathleen.'look here, jimmy,' said gerald. 'are you kidding? because if you are, it's simply-''my name is mr-,' said that-which-had-been-jimmy, and gave the name correctly. 'and i don't know you.' by the way, it will perhaps be shorter to call this elderly stout person 'that' - short for 'that-which-had-been jimmy'.'what shall we do?' whispered mabel in horror, and aloud she said: 'oh, mr. james, please give me the ring.''certainly not,' said that firmly. 'will you tell me the way to the nearest railway station?'no,' said gerald, 'we won't.''then,' said that that, politely, though quite clearly angrily, 'perhaps you'll tell me the way to the nearest lunatic asylum?''oh, no!' cried kathleen. 'you're not mad,''i'm not, but you are,' said that. 'if you're not mad, you're idiots. however, i see a gentleman ahead. i recognize him.' and he walked towards the elderly ugly-wugly. two elderly figures raised their hats, said a few words to each other and walked side by side down the green walk, followed by three unhappy children.'he wished to be rich, so of course he is,' said gerald; 'he'll have money for tickets and everything. and when the charm breaks he'll find himself somewhere - perhaps in a really good hotel and not know how he got there. look here, you two must collect the coats and things. hide them, anywhere you like, and we'll carry them home tomorrow. i must stick to jimmy. go home to mademoiselle and tell her jimmy and i have gone off in the train and will be back to tea.'and gerald started to run after the ugly-wugly and that. he followed them to the station, listened at the ticket office to the voice of that who asked a ticket to london. when that and theugly-wugly appeared on the platform, he bought a third return to london. the train arrived and everyone took their seats.'i don't understand,' said gerald, alone in his third-class carriage, 'how railway trains and magic can be at the same time.'and yet they do.mabel and kathleen found six heaps of coats, hats, skirts, gloves, golf-clubs, hockey-sticks, broom-handles. they carried them up the hill to the stone dinosaur and put them in a hole in his stomach. then they returned to school. just as they were explaining to mademoiselle that the boys had gone to london, a figure passed the window. it was the stranger who was coming back from the doctor's with antiseptic plaster on his cut.'who's that?' suddenly asked mademoiselle.the girls said that they had met him at yalding towers. after that mademoiselle didn't ask them any questions about the boys and later went out for a walk. kathleen and mabel stayed at school thinking of gerald and jimmy.gerald was standing on the stairs of a london office building. on the floor below him was a door with a name 'mr u. w. ugli, broker' and on the floor above was another door, on which was the name of gerald's little brother, now elderly and very rich. there were no explaining words under jimmy's name. when the door opened, gerald saw a lot of clerks and mahogany desks. it was clear that that had a large business, though gerald couldn't guess what.what could gerald do? it is almost impossible for a boy to enter a large london office and explain that the elderly and respected head of it is not what he seems, but is really your little brother, who had been made old and rich by a wishing ring. he couldn't knock at the door of mr u. w. ugli and inform his clerks that their chief was just old clothes that had accidentally come alive and then became real.there was another difficulty. gerald had had no dinner and was very hungry.at that moment a boy came up the stairs. he had in his hands a dark blue bag full of buns.'if you get me buns too, i'll give you half a shilling,' said gerald.'all right, give the money,' quickly said the boy.'payment on delivery,' said gerald, using words, which he had never thought to use.the boy looked at him in admiration and left.when he returned gerald gave the sixpence and took the buns. a minute later the boy came out of mr u. w. ugli's office.'what sort of man's that?' he asked.'big pot,' said the boy; 'very rich.''know anything about the one on the next floor?''he's bigger than this one. very old firm. these two have been rivals for years,' said the boy.'look here. i'll give you five shillings if you help me.''go ahead,' said the boy.'i'm a private detective,' said gerald. 'that old man on the floor above - he's wanted''police?' asked the boy.'no - relations. and i must get him to them, somehow. now, if you could go in and give him a message from someone who wanted to meet him on business -''i've got a better idea,' said the boy. 'you go in and see old ugli. he'd give his ears to have the old boy out of the way for a day or-two.''you're right,' said gerald. 'i'll try to do it. here's your five shillings.'he knocked at the door of mr u. w. ugli. it opened and he entered.the boy went down a few steps and heard the voice of mr u. w. ugli. he was saying:'then i'll ask him to let me look at the ring and i'll drop it. you pick it up. but remember, you don't know me. you're sure he's really unwell?''yes,' said gerald; 'he's quite mad about that ring. he'll follow it anywhere. i know he will. and think of his unhappy relations.''i do - i do,' said mr ugli kindly; 'that's all i think of, of course.'he went up the stairs to the other office, and then that and mr ugli went out to have lunch. the two boys followed.'i say,' said the boy, 'what are you up to?''well, i'll tell you, but you won't believe me. that old gentleman's not really old at all - he's my younger brother who suddenly turned into what you see. the other's not real at all. he's only just old clothes and nothing inside. they were turned like that by a magic ring'.'there is no such thing as magic,' said the boy. 'i learned that at school.''all right,' said gerald. 'good-bye.''oh, go ahead!' said the boy.'well, if i can get that magic ring i shall just wish we were all in a certain place. and we shall be. and then i will take care of them.'that and mr ugli entered a very expensive restaurant. gerald was going to follow them.'i say, are you really going into this place?''yes, i am. you go, too. i'll pay for the lunch.the boy was the only person gerald knew in london except that-which-had-been-jimmy and the ugly-wugly; and he did not want to talk to them.what happened next happened so quickly that, as gerald said later, it was 'just like magic'. the restaurant was crowded. gerald ordered two chops. then at the next table he heard the words, 'ah, yes, a curious old family thing.' that took off the ring and gave it to mr ugli. and then the ring slipped from the hand of mr ugli and fell on the floor. gerald grasped the ring, put it on his finger and cried out aloud in that crowded place:'i wish jimmy and i were inside that door behind the statue of flora.'it was the only safe place he could think of.gerald never knew what happened in that restaurant. there was nothing about it in the papers. he never knew what the boy did or thought. the lights and the sounds of the restaurant disappeared. now there was darkness and silence around them. and through the darkness came a voice - and it was not the voice of that elderly man who had been jimmy, but the voice of jimmy who was gerald's little brother. the voice said: 'jerry, jerry! i've had such an odd dream.''it's all right, jimmy,' he said; 'it's not a dream now. it's that ring again. i had to wish us here, to get you back out of your dream.''wish us where?' asked jimmy.'inside the passage behind the flora statue,' said gerald.'but how are we going to get out?' asked jimmy. 'oh! i know. it isn't true. it's a dream!''yes,' said gerald bravely, 'it's just a dream, jimmy. we'll just call out now and then, but it's really only a dream, of course.'