mary turner, wife of richard turner, a farmer at ngesi, was found dead at her home yesterday morning. the houseboy has admitted killing her. it is believed that theft was the reason behind the murder.the newspaper did not say much. people all over the country must have read the short report and felt angry - and yet satisfied, as if their strong beliefs about the natives had been proved correct. when natives steal, murder or attack women, that is the feeling white people have. and then they turned the page to read something else.the people who knew the turners did not turn the page so quickly. many must have cut out the report, keeping it perhaps as a warning. however, they did not discuss the murder. although the three people in a position to explain the facts said nothing, everyone seemed to know by some sixth sense what had really happened. 'a bad business,' someone remarked each time the subject was mentioned. 'a very bad business,' came the reply. and that was all that was said. there seemed to be general unspoken agreement that the turner case should be forgotten as soon as possible.in this country area, white farming families lived at great distances from each other and met only occasionally. they were usually grateful for something to talk about, but the murder was not discussed. to an outsider it seemed perhaps as if charlesslatter had told people to keep quiet, but in fact he had not. the steps he had taken were not part of any plan; he had just done what came naturally.nobody liked the turners, although few of their neighbours had ever actually met them. they 'kept themselves to themselves', never attended any social events, and lived in that awful little box house. how could they live like that? some natives had houses as good; and it gave a bad impression for them to see whites living in such a way. the turners were not just poor whites; they were, after all, british!the more one thinks about it, the more extraordinary the whole matter becomes. not the murder itself, but the way people felt about it; the way they pitied dick turner, as if his wife mary were something unpleasant and unclean. it was almost as if people felt that she deserved such a death. but they did not ask any questions.they must have wondered who that 'special reporter' was. it can only really have been charlie slatter, since he knew more about the turners than anyone else, and was at the farm on the day of the murder. he appeared to take control, and people felt that to be quite reasonable. he was one of them, and why should anyone else be allowed to interfere in the business of white farmers? and it was charlie slatter who arranged everything so that the whole matter was cleared up cleanly and quickly.slatter lived five miles from the turners. the farm boys came to him first when they discovered the body, and he sent a message to sergeant denham at the police station, twelve miles away. the police did not have to search far for the murderer when they reached turners' farm; after walking through the house and examining the body, they moved to the area outside the front of the building and, as soon as he saw them, moses stood up, walked towards them and said: 'here i am.' they tied his hands and took him back towards the house. in the distance they could see dick turner moving around in the bush, talking crazily to himself, his hands full of earth and leaves. they left him alone. although he looked mad, he was a white man; black men, even policemen, do not lay hands on white skin.some people did wonder for a moment why the native had allowed the police to catch him. why did he not at least try and escape? but this question was soon forgotten.so charlie slatter had sent the message to the police station, and then driven at great speed to the turners' place in his fat american car. who was charlie slatter? he started his working life as a shop assistant in london and was still a londoner after twenty years in africa. he had come to africa for one reason... to make money. he made it. he made a lot. he was a hard man, but was sometimes generous when he wanted to be. he was hard with his wife and children until he made money; then they got everything they wanted. above all, he was hard with his workers, for slatter believed in farming with a whip. he had once killed a native worker with one in sudden anger and had had to pay a fine of thirty pounds. since then he had kept his temper. it was he who had told dick turner that a farmer should buy a whip before any other piece of farm equipment. but the whip did not do the turners any good, as we shall see.while slatter drove as fast as he could to the turners' place, he wondered why marston had not come to him about the murder. marston was turner's assistant, but was after all employed by slatter. why had he not sent a note? where was he? the hut he lived in was only a few hundred yards away from the house itself. but, thought charlie, anything was possible with this particular englishman, with his soft face and voice and good manners.on the way, slatter had to stop to repair two flat tyres, but he finally reached the house. the policemen were standing with moses outside the house. moses was a great powerful man with deep black skin, dressed in a vest and shorts which were wet and muddy. charlie walked towards him and looked directly into his face. the man looked back without expression. for a moment charlie's face showed fear. why fear? moses was as good as dead already, wasn't he? but charlie was worried, uncertain. then he recovered and turned away.'turner!' he called. close by now, dick turned but did not seem to know him. charlie took him by the arm and led him to the car. he did not yet know that dick was insane. after helping him into the back seat, he went into the house and found marston.'where were you?' asked charlie at once.'i slept late this morning,' marston said. the fear in his voice was not charlie's fear, but a simple fear of death. i found mrs turner just outside the front door when i came to the house. then the policemen came. i was expecting you.'charlie went into the bedroom. mary turner lay under a dirty white sheet. he stared at her with an anger and hatred that is hard for us to understand. then, with a sudden movement, he turned and left the room.'i moved her inside on to the bed, away from the dogs,' explained marston. 'there was blood everywhere. i cleaned it up... perhaps that was wrong of me.'charlie sat down and looked at the assistant carefully. 'what do you know about all this?' he asked, after a silence.marston hesitated. 'i don't know. nothing really. it's all so difficult.charlie examined the young man. another soft boy with a private education who had come to africa to learn to be a farmer. they were all so similar. they usually came with ideas of equality, and were often shocked at first by the way whites behaved towards the natives. a few months later these young men had become stronger and harder and learnt to accept the way things were. if tony marston had spent a few more months in the country it would have been easy. that was charlie's feeling.'what do you mean, it's all so difficult?'there was a warning in charlie's voice, and marston did not know what it meant. his ideas of right and wrong were becoming confused. he had his own ideas about the murder but he could not say them clearly. he felt the murder was logical enough after the events of the last few days. they could only end in something violent or ugly. but could he not say what he thought?'look,' said charlie directly, 'have you any idea why this nigger murdered mrs turner?''yes, i have.''well, we'd better leave it to the sergeant then.'marston understood. charlie was telling him to keep his mouth shut. he kept quiet, angry and confused.sergeant denham arrived and the three of them went silently into the living room. charlie slatter and denham stood opposite marston, side by side like two judges. they knew each other well, of course.'bad business,' said the sergeant briefly. he opened his notebook, and looked at tony. 'i need to ask you a few questions,' he said. 'how long have you been here?''about three weeks.''living in this house?''no, in a hut down the path.''you were going to run this place while they were away?''yes, for six months. and then i intended to go and work on another farm.''when did you find out about this business?''they didn't call me. i woke and found mrs turner.'tony was becoming more angry and confused. why were they questioning him like this? why did he feel guilty?'you had your meals with the turners?''yes.''other than that, did you spend much time with them?''no, only at work. i've been busy learning my job.''were you friendly with turner?''yes, i think so. he was not easy to know. he was always working. of course he was very unhappy about leaving the place.' he looked at charlie; charlie had been responsible for making dick leave the farm.denham shut his book and paused. there was a silence in the room. it was as if they all knew that what happened next would be of great importance. for a moment fear crossed charlie's face.'did you see anything unusual while you were here?' he asked tony.'yes, i did,' tony burst out, knowing now that they wanted to stop him telling the truth.they both looked at him in surprise.'look,' he said, 'i'll tell you what i know from the beginning...''you mean you know why mrs turner was murdered?' asked the sergeant.'no. but i have some ideas.''ideas? we don't want ideas. we want facts. anyway, remember dick turner. this is most unpleasant for him.'tony was trying to control his anger. 'do you or do you not want to hear what i have to say?''of course. but we only want facts. .. we're not interested in what you think might have happened. so give me any facts you have.''but you know i don't have facts. this is not a simple matter.''tell me, for instance... how did mrs turner treat this houseboy?' continued the sergeant.'badly, i thought,' replied tony.'yes, well, that's not unusual in this country, is it?''needs a man to know how to handle these boys. a woman always gets it wrong,' added charlie slatter.'look here...' began tony. but he stopped when he saw their faces. for they had both turned to look at him, and there was no doubt that this was the final warning. he wanted to speak but he was too angry and confused to continue.'let's get her out of here,' suggested charlie.' it's getting hot.'as the policemen moved mary's stiff body from the house to the car, denham said, as if talking to himself, 'this is all quite simple. there are no unusual circumstances.' he looked at tony.moses' face showed no feelings as he was taken away. the police car drove off through the trees, followed by charlie slatter and dick turner. tony found himself standing alone in the silence of the empty farm. he turned to look at the house, with its bare tin roof and its dusty brick floor covered with animal skins. how could they have lived in such a place for so long? the heat inside was terrible.how had all this started? what sort of woman had mary turner been before she came to the farm and had been driven slowly crazy by heat, loneliness and poverty? he tried to think clearly, to get a picture of what had really happened. but it was too hot, and those two men had warned him - not by words but by looks. what were they warning him about? he thought he understood now. the anger he had seen in charlie slatter's face was 'white society' fighting to defend itself. and that 'white society' could never, ever admit that a white person, and particularly a white woman, can have a human relationship, good or evil, with a black person. for as soon as it admits that, it falls.'i'm getting out of this place,' he told himself. 'i am going to the other end of the country. let the slatters do as they like. what's it got to do with me?' that morning, he packed his things and went to tell charlie he was leaving. charlie seemed not to care. after all, there was no need for a manager on dick turner's land now that dick would not come back.tony went back into town and tried to find work on another farm. he tried a few jobs but was unable to settle in one place.when the trial came, he said what was expected of him. it was suggested that the native had murdered mary turner while drunk, in search of money and jewellery.after the trial, tony left for northern rhodesia. before long he found himself working in an office, doing the paperwork that he had come to africa to avoid. but it wasn't so bad really. life is never as one expects it to be, after all.