needless to say, baltimore eventually received the couple to its bosom. even old general moncrief became reconciled to his son - in - law when benjamin gave him the money to bring out his history of the civil war in twenty volumes, which had been refused by nine prominent publishers.in benjamin himself fifteen years had wrought many changes. it seemed to him that the blood flowed with new vigour through his veins. it began to be a pleasure to rise in the morning, to walk with an active step along the busy, sunny street, to work untiringly with his shipments of hammers and his cargoes of nails. it was in 1890 that he executed his famous business coup: he brought up the suggestion that all nails used in nailing up the boxes in which nails are shipped are the property of the shippee, a proposal which became a statute, was approved by chief justice fossile, and saved roger button and company, wholesale hardware, more than six hundred nails every year.in addition, benjamin discovered that he was becoming more and more attracted by the gay side of life. it was typical of his growing enthusiasm for pleasure that he was the first man in the city of baltimore to own and run an automobile. meeting him on the street, his contemporaries would stare enviously at the picture he made of health and vitality."he seems to grow younger every year," they would remark. and if old roger button, now sixty - five years old, had failed at first to give a proper welcome to his son he atoned at last by bestowing on him what amounted to adulation.and here we come to an unpleasant subject which it will be well to pass over as quickly as possible. there was only one thing that worried benjamin button; his wife had ceased to attract him.at that time hildegarde was a woman of thirty - five, with a son, roscoe, fourteen years old. in the early days of their marriage benjamin had worshipped her. but, as the years passed, her honey - coloured hair became an unexciting brown, the blue enamel of her eyes assumed the aspect of cheap crockery - moreover, and, most of all, she had become too settled in her ways, too placid, too content, too anaemic in her excitements, and too sober in her taste. as a bride it been she who had "dragged" benjamin to dances and dinners - now conditions were reversed. she went out socially with him, but without enthusiasm, devoured already by that eternal inertia which comes to live with each of us one day and stays with us to the end.benjamin's discontent waxed stronger. at the outbreak of the spanish - american war in 1898 his home had for him so little charm that he decided to join the army. with his business influence he obtained a commission as captain, and proved so adaptable to the work that he was made a major, and finally a lieutenant - colonel just in time to participate in the celebrated charge up san juan hill. he was slightly wounded, and received a medal.benjamin had become so attached to the activity and excitement of array life that he regretted to give it up, but his business required attention, so he resigned his commission and came home. he was met at the station by a brass band and escorted to his house.