'you want a hotel?' gerald repeated stupidly, 'a good hotel?''a good hotel,' said the painted lips.'i'm awfully sorry,' gerald went on politely, but all our hotels shut so early - about eight, i think,''knock them up,' said the ugly-wugly. gerald even now does not understand how that creature made of clothes could become a perfectly respectable person, about fifty years old - the kind of man who travels first class and smokes expensive cigars.'you can't' gerald explained; 'they're all deaf - every person who keeps a hotel in this town. it's a law. only deaf people are allowed to keep hotels. it's because of the hops in the beer, they are so good for ear-ache.'the other ugly-wuglies were crowding round. the lady in a tall hat said:'if not a hotel, a room.''i do know rooms,' said gerald, 'but-' the lady ugly- wugly in the hat with flowers interrupted him.'what i want to know,' she said, 'is where are the carriages we ordered?''i don't know,' said gerald, 'but i'll find out. but we must go now,' he added; 'you see, the performance is over, and they want to shut up the house and turn off the light. let's go.'the ugly-wuglies went towards the front door.'i'll try to do anything, of course,' said gerald. 'i could go with you, and get you a lodging, if you'd only wait a few moments in the yard. you see i've got an uncle who's quite mad, and i have to give him his gruel at half-past nine. he refuses to eat out of any hand but mine.' gerald did not mind what he said. you can tell lies to the ugly-wuglies, because they are not real people and cannot be really deceived.gerald went through the back door, down the steps into the yard, and the ugly-wuglies followed him. some of them had boots, but the ones whose feet were only broomsticks or umbrellas had problems with the stairs.'please wait under the balcony,' said gerald, 'my uncle is very mad. if he sees any strangers - i mean, even aristocratic ones - i won't answer for the consequences.''perhaps,' said the lady in the hat with flowers nervously, 'we could try to find rooms ourselves?''i don't recommend it to you,' said gerald as gloomily as he could; 'the police here arrest all strangers. it's the new law. i wouldn't like to see you in prison,' he added convincingly.the ugly-wuglies gathered under the balcony. gerald went up the stairs. behind him in the yard there were seven impossible creatures. before him in the silent house there were five frightened people.of course the reason why gerald was not afraid was that he had the ring; and, as you have seen, the person who wears it is not frightened by anything unless he touches that thing. but gerald knew well enough how the others must feel.'cathy! i say! jimmy! mabel!' he cried in a loud, cheerful voice that sounded very unreal to himself.the dining-room door opened.'are you alone?' whispered kathleen.'yes, of course.''where are they? have you unwished them? we heard them talking. horrible!''they're in the yard,' said gerald with the best imitation of excitement that he could manage. 'it is such fun! they're just like real people, quite kind and jolly. look here, kathleen and jimmy must go to bed, and i'll take mabel home. i must find some place where the ugly-wuglies could stay. now i'll speak to mademoiselle and eliza.'he put on his coat as he spoke and now ran up the stairs. the others, gathered in the hall, could hear his knock at mademoiselle's door, his words 'it's only me - gerald,' the pause, the opening of the door, and the talk that followed. then mademoiselle and gerald went to eliza's door, trying to calm her down.'i wonder what lies he's telling them,' said jimmy.'oh! not lies,' said mabel; 'he's only telling them as much of the truth as it's good for them to know.''i'm so sorry you were frightened,' gerald was saying; 'it was a good trick, wasn't it?''well, so it was,' said mabel.'it was indeed a wonderful trick,' said mademoiselle; 'and how did you move the figures?''oh, we've often done it - with strings, you know,' gerald explained.'that's true, too,' kathleen whispered.'can you do this remarkable trick again?' asked mademoiselle.'oh, i've cleared them all out,' said gerald. ('so he has,' said kathleen to jimmy.) 'we thought you wouldn't like to see them again.'mademoiselle entered the dining-room and saw that the figures had indeed disappeared.then gerald explained to her that it was his duty to escort mabel home.the moment that front door was shut gerald led mabel to the corner of the side street which led to the yard. just round the corner he stopped.'now,' he said, 'what i want to know is - are you an idiot or aren't you?''idiot yourself!' said mabel mechanically.'i'm not frightened of the ugly-wuglies. they're harmless. but an idiot might be frightened and give the whole show away.''i'm not an idiot,' said mabel terribly frightened; 'i'm not afraid of anything.''mabel,' said gerald, in low, thrilling tones, for he saw that the time had come to sound another note, i know you're brave. i believe in you. that's why i've arranged it like this. i'm certain you've got the heart of a lion. can i trust you?'mabel felt that to say anything but 'yes' was to throw away a priceless reputation for courage. so she said 'yes.''then wait here. and when you see me with them remember they're as harmless as snakes - i mean doves. talk to them just like you would to anyone else. see?'he turned to leave her, but stopped at her natural question:'what hotel did you say you were going to take them to?''oh!' said gerald hands. 'i forgot! i wanted to ask you - are there any rooms or anything in the castle where i could put them for the night? the charm will break, you know, some time and they'll just be coats and things that we can easily carry home any day.''there's a secret passage,' mabel began - but at the moment the yard-door opened and an ugly-wugly put out its head and looked down the street.'righto!' - gerald ran to meet it.mabel's hands became cold and damp, but she stood, saying over and over again: 'they're not true - they can't be true. it's only a dream.' and then gerald was there, and all the ugly-wuglies crowding round, and gerald saying: 'this is one of our friends, mabel - the princess in the play, you know.' the ugli-wuglies shook her hand and talked very nicely to her.then they all walked up the high street as if, as gerald said, they were anybody else. it was a very strange procession, but fortunately they met no one.mabel decided to show gerald that she was not an idiot. so she went on talking with these impossible people.finally the procession arrived at the gates of the castle.locked - of course.'you see,' explained gerald, as the ugly-wuglies shook the gates with his hands; 'it's so very late. there is another way. but you have to climb through a hole.''the ladies -' the respectable ugly-wugly began; but the ladies with one voice said that they loved adventures. 'so thrilling,' added the one who wore roses.so they went round by the road, climbed through the hole and came through all passages and arches to the castle garden.the ugly-wuglies looked at the garden and marble terraces in admiration.'this seems a very good hotel,' said the ugly-wugly in a high hat.'we will have to go in by the back door,' said mabel suddenly. 'the front door's locked at half-past nine.'they went up the steps of the temple of flora. mabel passed behind the statue of the goddess, and then gerald's lantern showed a very high and very narrow doorway: the stone that was the door, and that had closed it, moved slowly under the touch of mabel's fingers.'this way,' she said, feeling very nervous.'you lead the way, with the lantern,' said a small ugly- wugly to gerald.'i - i must stay behind to close the door,' said gerald.'the princess can do that. we'll help her,' said the lady with flowers.'you take it,' insisted gerald giving the lantern to the elderly ugly-wugly; 'you're the natural leader. go straight ahead.'the respectable ugly-wugly and the others disappeared into that narrow doorway. gerald and mabel almost sobbed with relief. but they didn't have time to close the door. suddenly the ugly-wuglies returned and tried to open it again. they could see something in the dark passage that alarmed them or they took it into their empty heads that this could not be the back way to any really respectable hotel - mabel and gerald never knew. but they knew that the ugly-wuglies were no longer polite and friendly. they were angrily shouting threats and trying to open the narrow stone door.'push, push!' cried gerald.'i can't any more - oh, i can't!' moaned mabel.'they mustn't get out!' shouted gerald.'what's up, there?' cried suddenly a new voice and a new shadow fell on the marble floor of the temple of flora.'come and help push!' shouted gerald. 'if they get out, they'll kill us all.'a strong shoulder pushed suddenly between the shoulders of gerald and mabel; the heavy, narrow door slowly closed, and the angry, threatening mass of ugly-wuglies was shut in.the stranger looked at them and asked:'who are you, and what's it all about?''i can't possibly tell you,' answered gerald.'come out into the moonlight and let's talk,' said the man.the stranger led both children out from the temple into the bright white moonlight and sat down on the steps, a child on each side of him. he was clean-shaven, and had large eyes that sparkled when the moonlight touched them. he looked at the children and said in a friendly way:'now then! go ahead!'mabel sobbed, but gerald said: 'if we told you the truth, you wouldn't believe it.''let me just put the thing from my point of view. i come down from london to take care of a big estate. on the very first evening i go out for a walk air, and approaching a white building, hear sounds of a scuffle, accompanied by cries for help.i do help and shut in someone who behind a stone door. now, is it unreasonable to ask who it is that i've shut in - helped to shut up, i mean, and who it is that i've helped?''it's reasonable enough,' agreed gerald.'well then,' said the stranger.'no,' said gerald, 'i simply can't tell you.''then i must ask the other side,' said the man. 'let me go - i'll open that door and find out for myself.''tell him,' said mabel, speaking for the first time. 'we can't let them out.''very well,' said gerald, 'i'll tell him. will you promise us that you won't tell anyone what we tell you and that you won't put us in a lunatic asylum if you think that we are mad?''yes,' said the stranger, 'i think i can promise that.'let me begin, then,' said mabel. 'i found a ring, and i said it would make me invisible. i said it in play. and it did. i was invisible twenty-one hours. don't ask where i got the ring. now, gerald, you go on.'gerald went on. he spoke for a long time.'and so,' he ended, 'we got them in there; and when seven hours are over, or fourteen, or twenty-one, or some-thing with a seven in it, they'll just be old coats again. they came alive at half-past nine. i think they'll stop being it in seven hours - that's half-past four. now will you let us go home?''i'll take you home,' said the stranger in a kindly tone.'come.''you don't believe us,' said gerald. 'of course you don't. nobody could.''come, and i'll take you home, ' said the man.'mabel lives at the towers,' said gerald.'i'm housekeeper's niece,' said mabel.the stranger took mabel to the castle and went with gerald to the door of the school.'look here,' said gerald. 'i know that you're going to open that door.''possibly,' said the man.'well - don't. or, anyway, wait till daylight and let us be there. we can get there at ten.''all right - i'll meet you there at ten,' answered the stranger. 'good night.'as the four children went towards the temple of flora, they talked, as they had talked all the morning, about the ad-ventures of last night. it was not ten, but half-past twelve; be-cause they had to clear up the mess in the dining-room.'i do hope he'll be there,' mabel said; 'he was such a dear, a real gentleman.''he isn't there, though,' said jimmy. 'i believe you it was just a dream.'they went up the marble steps in the sunshine, and it was difficult to believe that it was the same place where gerald and mabel had been so frightened.'shall we open the door,' suggested kathleen, 'and begin to carry home the coats?''let's listen first,' said gerald; 'perhaps they aren't only coats yet.'they listened, but the passage behind the stone door was quiet. as they turned away they saw the man they had come to meet. he was on the other side of flora's pedestal. he lay there on his back, his arms flung wide.'oh, look cried cathy, and pointed. the stranger's face was almost green, and on his forehead there was a cut; and a little blood from it was on the marble floor.at the same time mabel pointed too - but she did not cry as cathy had done. and she pointed at a white painted paper face with very red lips. in a moment the face disappeared in the bushes.