she turned to look at the man. dick smiled. 'i've had good rains this year. things are not too bad.' then he got into the car, the smile gone from his face.'who was that?' mary asked.'i borrowed two hundred pounds from him three years ago, just after we were married.''you didn't tell me.''i didn't want to worry you. i've paid it back... well, except for fifty pounds.''next year, i suppose?''with a bit of luck.'on the drive home, she thought about the way the stranger had spoken to dick. she was surprised. of course she had no respect for dick as a husband, as a man, but that did not matter... not to her anyway. but she had always felt he was a good farmer, a hard-working man who would in the end succeed with his farm. and then they would have an easier life, just like the other farmers in the area. now, however, she began to have doubts.at the shop she had picked up a small book on keeping bees. when they arrived home, she threw it down on the table and went to unpack the shopping. dick sat sit the table and turned the pages of the book. as he read he became more and more interested, and after an hour or so he said to mary, 'what do you think about keeping bees?'mary was not too keen on the idea; it would cost them a lot at the beginning, and it was not certain to make money. but dick seemed to think they could make at least two hundred pounds a year. 'i'm going to see charlie slatter,' he said. 'his brother used to keep bees. i'll ask him what he thinks.' charlie slatter advised him not to waste his money, but dick decided to go ahead anyway. he really believed that by his own hard work he could succeed where others had failed.for a month he could think of nothing else. he built twenty beehives himself and planted a field with special grass to tempt the bees towards them. he took some of the workers away from their usual jobs and sent them looking for bees every evening. when they were unable to find any, though, he began to lose interest, and mary was amazed and angry to think of all the time and money that had been wasted. but she was glad to see him return to his normal farm work, paying attention to the crops he knew about.about six months later the whole thing happened again. 'mary, i'm going to buy some pigs,' he told her one morning.he refused to listen to her protests, and bought six expensive pigs from charlie slatter. the food for the animals was expensive but he was sure it was worth it. after a time the pigs gave birth, and the young pigs died almost immediately of disease.mary wanted to scream at dick for his foolishness, but she tried to keep her anger inside. she began to develop deep lines on her face, and her lips grew thin and tight. she was becoming bitter and hard, and any remaining respect she had for dick's judgement as a farmer was rapidly disappearing.after the pigs, he talked of trying other animals; he was sure he could make money from turkeys... or perhaps rabbits. at this point, mary could control herself no longer. she screamed at him, crying until she was too weak to continue, and then she stopped.dick looked at her for a long time as she sat there in silence. 'as you like,' he said at last. mary did not like the way he said this, and she regretted screaming, for she knew that it was a condition of the existence of their marriage that she should pity him generously rather than show open disgust or even disrespect. but there was no more talk of turkeys or rabbits, and for a while it seemed that life had returned to normal.then one day he told her that he was going to open a shop on the farm. 'i have a hundred natives here, and there are others who pass through; they'll all buy from our shop.'he could not have known mary's feelings about these shops, how they reminded her of the unhappiness of village life as a child. he built one close to the house, and filled it with things that he thought the natives would want. just before it was ready to be opened, he bought twenty cheap bicycles. all mary could think about was how the money spent on the shop and all the other money-making ideas could have made her life more comfortable: a bigger house; the ceilings that meant so much to her. when he asked her to work in the shop she could hardly believe it. 'never,' she replied. 'i would rather die. selling things to dirty natives!' but in the end she agreed. what else could she do?she disliked the native men but she hated the women, with their soft brown bodies and their questioning faces. she could see a group of them outside the shop now, waiting for it to open. she hated the way they sat there in the grass with their breasts hanging down for everyone to see, looking as if they did not care whether the shop opened today or tomorrow. but what really made mary angry was that they always looked so satisfied and calm.she could delay the opening no longer. going outside, she looked towards the group of women, then walked slowly towards the shop. the women crowded in, touching everything, speaking loudly in languages mary did not understand. the women were everywhere, their children hanging on their backs, or holding their skirts. these little ones looked in amazement at her white skin from eyes half-covered with flies. she stood in the shop for half an hour, but suddenly could not stay there any longer. 'hurry up now!' she shouted coldly. the talking and laughing stopped as they felt her dislike for them. one by one they went away.it was the shop that finished mary. the bicycles were never sold and although each month they lost more and more money, dick would not close it. as time went by she started to think of the town again. she persuaded herself that if only she could go back there her life would be good... everything could be the way it was before.one day she noticed an advertisement in the paper. her old job was free! the following morning, after dick had left for the fields, she packed her suitcase and started walking to the slatters' farm.'where's dick?' said charlie slatter when she asked him to drive her to the station.'he's... he's working. he's busy.' he gave her a strange look, but drove her where she wanted to go. she did not like charlie slatter; nor did she suspect that he wanted dick's farm to fail so that he could buy the land cheaply for himself.when she arrived in town she went straight to the club. her heart lifted as the building came into view. it was such a lovely day; the sun was shining and there was a cool, light wind. everything seemed different, even the sky. the streets and houses looked fresh and clean, not at all like the farm. it was a different world! it was her world!the trouble started at the club. no, she could not stay there - it was not for married women. strange, she had never really thought of herself as being married. she booked into a cheap hotel.at her old office, none of the girls working there knew her. when she was shown into her old employer's room, his face made her look down at her clothes. she was wearing an old dress - not at all fashionable - and her shoes were covered with red dust. 'i'm sorry, mary,' he said. 'the job has already been filled.' there was a long moment of silence. 'have you been ill?' he asked.'no,' she replied sadly.back in her hotel room she stared at herself in the mirror. 'i'll go and buy a new dress. and i'll have my hair done,' she thought. but then she remembered that she had no money. how would she pay for her hotel room? she sat down on a chair and remained still, wondering what to do. she appeared to be waiting for something. when there was a knock on the door, she looked as if she had been expecting it, and dick's entrance did not change her face.'mary, don't leave me,' he said quietly.she stood up, tidied her hair and stood before him. there was to be no anger, no discussion. seeing her like this, dick said she could go and buy herself some new clothes.'what shall i use for money?' she asked.they were back together again, and nothing had changed. life on the farm was even worse than before. she no longer had her daydreams of the town to keep her going. she knew now that there was nothing there for her. this was the beginning of the end for mary. she could no longer feel. she could no longer fight.like her mother, who had simply died of unhappiness after a short illness, mary no longer wished to live. she could not stay, and she could not run away. but there was a sudden and unexpected change in her life which kept her going for a little while. a few months after her return, and six years after she had married him, dick got ill for the first time.