for mary, the shop was the real centre of her life, even more important to her than to most children. she was always running across to bring some dried fruit or some tinned fish for her mother, or to find out if the weekly newspaper had arrived. and she would stay there for hours, staring at the piles of sticky coloured sweets, looking at the little greek girl whom she was not allowed to play with. and later, when she grew older, it was the place her father bought his drink; the place he spent his evenings. and of course it was from the shop that the monthly bills for food and her father's drink came. every month her parents argued, and they never had enough money to meet the bills. but life went on.when mary was sent away to school, her life changed. the village, with its dust and chickens and the coughing of trains, seemed another, empty world. she was extremely happy at school, and did not look forward to going home in the holidays.at sixteen she left school and took a job as a secretary in an office in town. four years later, by the time her mother died, she had a comfortable life with her own friends and a good job. from that time until his own death when she was twenty-five, she did not- see her father; they did not even write to each other.but being alone in the world held no terrors for mary. in fact, she liked it. and she loved the town; she felt safe there. she was at her prettiest then - rather thin, with a curtain of light-brown hair, serious blue eyes, and fashionable clothes.by thirty, nothing had changed. indeed, she felt a little surprised that she had reached such an age, for she felt no different from when she was sixteen. all this time, mary had lived in a girls' club. she chose it at first because it reminded her of the school where she had been so happy. she liked the crowds of girls, and eating in the big dining-room, and coming home after the cinema to find a friend in her room waiting to talk to her.outside the girls' club she had a very full and active life, although she was not the kind of woman who is the centre of a crowd. she had lots of men friends who took her out and treated her like a sister. she played hockey and tennis with them, swam, went to parties and dances. the years passed. her friends married one by one, but she continued in much the same way, dressing and wearing her hair just as she had done when she left school.she seemed not to care for men. she spent all her time outside work with them, but did not feel she depended on them in any way. she listened to the other girls' men problems with interest and amazement, for she had no such problems. then, one day, while sitting outside a friend's house, she heard people talking about her through an open window.'she's not fifteen any longer. someone should tell her about her clothes.''how old is she?''must be over thirty. she was working long before i was, and that was over twelve years ago.''why doesn't she marry? surely she's had plenty of chances.'there was a dry laugh. 'i don't think so. my husband liked her once, but he thinks she'll never marry. she just isn't like that.''oh come on! she'd make someone a good wife.''she should marry someone much older than herself. a man of fifty would suit her... you'll see, she'll marry someone old enough to be her father one of these days.'mary could hardly believe the way these 'friends' had talked about her. she sat in her room for hour after hour, thinking. 'why did they say those things? what's the matter with me?' but she began to look at herself more carefully. she changed her hair style and began wearing suits to work, although they made her feel uncomfortable. and she started looking around for someone to marry.the first man to approach her was fifty-five years old, with half-grown children; his wife had died a few years earlier. she felt safe with him, because he seemed to know what he wanted: a friend, a mother for his children and someone to look after his house. everything went well until she accepted his offer of marriage. that evening he tried to kiss her for the first time, and as he touched her she realised that she felt disgusted to have him so close to her. she ran from his house back to the club, fell on her bed and cried.from that evening, and despite her own age, she avoided men over thirty. she did not know it, but her friends laughed behind her back when they heard the story of her running from the man. she was beginning to be afraid to go out. and then she met dick turner. it could have been anybody - or rather, anybody who treated her as if she were wonderful and special. she needed that badly.they met by chance at a cinema. dick rarely came to town, except when he had to buy goods for the farm. he disliked its suburbs full of ugly little houses that seemed to have nothing to do with the african land and the huge blue sky. the fashionable shops and expensive restaurants made him feel uncomfortable, so he always escaped as soon as possible back to his farm, where he felt at home.above all, dick turner hated the cinema. a friend had persuaded him to go, but when he found himself inside he could not keep his eyes on the film. the story seemed to have no meaning and it bored him. it was hot and sticky in the cinema. so after a while he gave up looking at the film and turned his attention to the audience. suddenly he noticed a woman sitting near them, the light from the film shining on her eyes and her fair hair.'who's that?' he asked.his friend looked over to where he was pointing. 'that's mary.'dick stared at her hair and her lovely face. the next day he returned to his farm, but he could not stop thinking about the girl called mary.dick had of course long ago forbidden himself to think about women. he had started farming five years before and was still not making money. he had heavy debts, and had given up drink and cigarettes. he worked all the hours of the day, taking his meals on the farm; the farm was his whole life. his dream was to marry and have children, but he could not ask any woman to share such a life. not until he could afford to build a new house and pay for some small luxuries.but now he found himself thinking all the time about the girl in the cinema. about a month after the last visit, he set off on another visit to town, although it was not really necessary. he did his business quickly and then went off in search of someone who could tell him mary's surname.when he finally found the club, he failed to recognise mary. he saw a tall, thin girl with deep blue eyes that looked hurt. her hair was pulled tightly across her head. she wore trousers. he was quite an old-fashioned man in many ways, and he did not feel comfortable with women wearing trousers.'are you looking for me?' she asked in a shy voice.he was so disappointed at the way she looked that he found it difficult to speak, but when he found his voice he asked her to go for a drive. as the evening went on, he began to find in her again the woman he had seen at the cinema. he wanted to love her. he needed someone to love and when he left her that night it was with regret, saying he would come again.back on the farm he told himself he was a fool. he could not continue to see her. he could not ask a woman to spend her life with him on this farm. for two months he worked hard and tried to put mary out ofhis mind.for mary, these two months were a terrible dream. he had decided not to come back; her friends were right, there was something wrong with her. but still she hoped. she stopped going out in the evenings, and sat in her room waiting for him to call. her employer told her to take a holiday because she could not keep her mind on her work. yet what was dick to her? nothing. she hardly knew him.weeks after she had given up hope, dick arrived at her door. she managed with great difficulty to greet him calmly, and she still appeared calm as he asked her to marry him. he was grateful when she accepted, and they were married two weeks later. her desire to get married so quickly surprised him; he saw her as a busy and popular woman and thought it would take her time to arrange things. indeed, this idea of her was partly what made her attractive to him. but a quick marriage was fine with him. he explained that he was too poor to afford a holiday, and so after the wedding they went straight to the farm.