kemp took some time to explain to colonel adye what had happened.'he's mad,' said kemp. 'and evil. he thinks of nothing but his own advantage, his own safety. i've listened this morning to a terrible story of cruelty and pride. he has wounded men. he'll kill them unless we can prevent him. he plans to rule by terror.'nothing can stop him. he's loose outside there now - and he's mad!''he must be caught,' said adye. 'that's certain.''but how?' cried kemp, and suddenly became full of ideas. you must begin immediately, you must set every man to work; you must prevent him leaving this place. if he gets away, he may go through the country, killing as he goes. the only thing that may keep him here is the thought of finding some books which he values very much. i will tell you about them. there is a man in your police station - marvel.''i know,' said adye, 'i know. those books - yes. but the invisible man-''says he hasn't got them. but he thinks marvel has. now listen! you must prevent him from eating or sleeping - day and night the country must be on the watch for him. food must be locked up, all food, so that he will have to break into a house or shop to get it. the houses everywhere must be shut against him; for 20 miles round port burdock, the whole country must begin hunting and keep on hunting. i tell you, adye, he's dangerous. unless he is caught, it's terrible to think of the things that may happen.''come along,' said colonel adye. 'tell me as we go. what else is there we can do?'in another moment adye was leading the way downstairs. they found the front door open and the policemen standing outside staring at empty air.'he's got away, sir,' said one.'we must tell the police station at once,' said adye. 'one of you must go down and report and then come up and meet us - quickly. and now, kemp, what else?''dogs,' said kemp. 'get dogs. they don't see him, but they smell him. get dogs.''good,' said adye. 'we have no suitable dogs, but the prison officers over at halstead know a man with bloodhounds. what else?''remember,' said kemp, 'his food shows. you can see it for some time after he has eaten it, so he has to hide. you must keep on searching in every quiet corner. and put away all weapons and everything that might be a weapon. he can't carry such things for long. you must hide anything he can pick up and strike men with.''good again,' said adye. 'we'll find him yet!''and the roads-' said kemp, and hesitated.'yes?' said adye.'broken glass,' said kemp. 'it's cruel, i know. but think of what he may do!'adye drew the air in between his teeth sharply.'it's cruel. i don't perhaps think we should. but i'll have some broken glass ready. if he is killed, it will be only what he deserves.'the man is mad, i tell you,' said kemp. 'he will do anything. we must catch him by any possible means. he has cut himself off from the human race.'