the first night, then, i went to sleep on the sand a thousand miles from any inhabited country. i was more isolated than a man shipwrecked on a raft in the middle of the ocean. so you can imagine my surprise when i was awakened at daybreak by a funny little voice saying, "please..." draw me a sheep..."what?""draw me a sheep..."i leaped up as if i had been struck by lightning. i rubbed my eyes hard. i stared. and i saw an extraordinary little fellow staring back at me very seriously. here is the best portrait 1 managed to make of him, later on.but of course my drawing is much less attractive than my model. this is not my fault. my career as a painter was discouraged at the age of six by the grown-ups, and i had never learned to draw anything except boa constrictors, outside and inside.so i stared wide-eyed at this apparition. don't forget that i was a thousand miles from any inhabited territory. yet this little fellow seemed to be neither lost nor dying of exhaustion, hunger, or thirst; nor did he seem scared to death. there was nothing in his appearance that suggested a child lost in the middle of the desert a thousand miles from any inhabited territory.when i finally managed to speak, i asked him, "but... what are you doing here?"and then he repeated, very slowly and very seriously, "please... draw me a sheep..."when you encounter an overpowering mystery, you don't dare disobey. absurd as it seemed, a thousand miles from all inhabited regions and in danger of death, i took a piece of paper and a pen out of my pocket. but then i remembered that i had mostly studied geography, history, arithmetic, and grammar, and i told the little fellow (rather crossly) that i didn't know how to draw.he replied, "that doesn't matter. draw me a sheep."since i had never drawn a sheep, i made him one of the only two drawings i knew how to make - the one of the boa constrictor from outside. and i was astounded to hear the little fellow answer:"no! no! i don't want an elephant inside a boa constrictor. a boa constrictor is very dangerous, and an elephant would get in the way. where i live, everything is very small. i need a sheep. draw me a sheep."so then i made a drawing.he looked at it carefully, and then said, "no. this one is already quite sick. make another."i made another drawing. my friend gave me a kind, indulgent smile:"you can see for yourself... that's not a sheep, it's a ram. it has horns..."so i made my third drawing, but it was rejected, like the others:"this one's too old. i want a sheep that will live a long time."so then, impatiently, since i was in a hurry to start work on my engine, i scribbled this drawing, and added, "this is just the crate. the sheep you want is inside."but i was amazed to see my young critic's face light up."that's just the kind i wanted! do you think this sheep will need a lot of grass?""why?""because where i live, everything is very small...""there's sure to be enough. i've given you a very small sheep."he bent over the drawing. "not so small as all that..." look! he's gone to sleep..."and that's how i made the acquaintance of the little prince.