with moses, though, her mind was sharp. she thought of all the things she would say and do to him, and then she thought that she could not for fear that he would leave and make dick angry again. one day she found she was talking to herself - saying the words she wanted to shout at moses, punishing him for not cleaning a room well with cruel words that he would not understand in english. then she stopped, terrified that moses had heard her. opening the back door, she saw him resting, as usual, against the wall of the house; standing without moving in the heat of the sun, eyes looking straight ahead at nothing. she avoided him all that day, went to her bedroom and cried hopelessly.the next day moses told her he was going to leave at the end of the month. she wanted to shout at him... she wanted him to go. she opened her mouth to speak, but stopped suddenly, thinking of dick's anger. to her horror, she found she was beginning to cry again - in front of the native! for some time neither of them moved, though she continued to cry.'you mustn't go,' she begged, filled with shame at her own words. 'please, you must stay.'he fetched a glass of water, came to her and said simply, 'drink!' she did not move, so he lifted the glass to her lips and she drank. then she stood there, unable to leave. what was happening? 'now missus lie down on the bed.' he put out his hand and pushed her by the shoulder towards the bedroom. it was like a bad dream. she had never in her life touched a native. as she got nearer to the bed, she felt her head begin to swim and her bones go soft. 'missus lie down,' he said. and this time his voice was gentle, almost like a father. he took her coat off the back of the door and lay it across her feet, then left the room. she lay there silently, unable to think about what had happened, and what the effect of this might be on the future.she stayed in her room all that day until dick came back. he saw she had been crying, but neither of them mentioned it.a week passed, and she began to realise that moses was not going. she tried to forget that she had begged him to stay, for the shame was too much. but one day he turned to her in the kitchen, and said in a hard voice, 'missus asked me to stay. i stay to help missus. if missus angry again, i go.' she did not know what to say; she felt helpless. what was happening? how could a native speak to a white woman like this? but she said nothing.when the rains started in october, dick stayed in the fields all day. he did not return for lunch because there was so much work to do. mary told moses she would not take lunch while dick was away. but on the first day that dick was away at lunch-time, moses brought her a meal of eggs, jam and toast.'i told you i didn't want anything,' she said to him sharply.'missus ate no breakfast. she must eat,' he replied quietly. and she began to eat.things were different between them now. the power she had felt over him as his employer had gone. she was helpless before him. her feelings were confused. she knew she was afraid of him, but she could not admit to herself that she also found him attractive. she never checked on his work now, and he did what he liked in the house. once, when dick was late home from the fields, she decided to go and look for him. 'no, i go,' said moses, and she let him. these days she often watched moses going about his work - not in the way an employer watches a servant, but with a fearful curiosity. every day he looked after her, bringing her presents of eggs, or flowers that he had picked near the house.dick fell ill again with malaria, and for the first two nights of the illness mary sat up with him. during the day, she drove out to the fields. as she expected, the boys had stopped work, but this time she did nothing. she did not care any more; she had lost all interest in the farm. back at the house she sat in silence, exhausted and empty.on the third morning of dick's illness, moses asked, 'did missus go to bed last night?' and she answered, 'no.' dick became much worse that day, and by the evening his temperature had risen to 105. in the early hours of the morning moses came to the bedroom door. 'missus stay in the other room tonight. i stay here.''no, i must stay with him.'but he insisted, and after a while she left. 'you call me if he wakes up,' she said, trying to remind him that she was his employer.she went over to the sofa. she hated the idea of spending a whole night with only a brick wall separating her from the black man next door. she lay down and put a coat over her feet. it was a restless sleep, full of strange, horrible dreams.she was a child again, playing in the small dusty garden in front of the small wood and metal house, with friends who, in her dreams, had no faces. she heard her mother's sharp call and went into the house, but could not find her anywhere. at the bedroom door she stopped, feeling sick. there was her father, the little man with the fat stomach whom she hated, holding her mother in his arms as they stood by the window. her mother was laughing. as her father bent over his wife, mary ran away.again she was playing. this time her father caught her head and held it against the top of his legs with his small hairy hands to cover her eyes, laughing and joking about her mother hiding. she could smell the unwashed maleness that her father always smelt of. she tried to get away but he held her down until she could hardly breathe. screaming in her sleep, she half woke.thinking she must be awake, she listened for sounds from the next room. there was nothing. in her dream she believed dick was dead, and that the black man was waiting next door to kill her too. she got up from the sofa and walked slowly to the bedroom. all she could see was the shape of dick lying under the blankets. she could not see the black man, but she knew he was there waiting in the shadows. she opened the curtain a little and now she could see him. he was asleep against the wall, but woke now and sat up slowly. she looked across at the bed again where dick lay still. he looked ugly; his face was yellow. he was dead. she felt guilty at the wave of gladness that came over her, and tried to feel sorry as she knew she should.the native was watching her carefully. he was standing now, moving slowly and powerfully towards her, and it was not only he, but also her father, who approached. she could smell her father's smell again. she was afraid... so afraid. her legs were liquid with fear and she was beginning to have difficulty in breathing. she rested against the wall and almost fell through the half-open window. he came near and put his hand gently on her arm. it was the voice of the african she heard, but at the same time it was her father, frightening and horrible, who touched her with desire.she screamed, knowing suddenly that she was dreaming. she screamed desperately, trying to wake herself up. the noise must be waking dick. then she was awake and moses was standing at her side holding a cup of tea. seeing him, she pulled herself back into the corner of the sofa, watching him with terror in her eyes, trying to separate what was real from her dreams.'he sleep,' moses said. but still she watched the black man carefully, unable to speak. he gave her a curious look, surprised at her fear; he seemed to be judging her.'why is missus afraid of me?' he asked.'don't be stupid; i'm not afraid of you,' she said in a high voice, shaking a little. it was the voice of a woman speaking to a white man whom she finds attractive. as she heard the words come out of her mouth, and saw the effect on the man's face, she was horrified. he gave her a long, slow look; then he left the room.when he had gone, she forced herself to stand and walk around. dick was sleeping in the bedroom. it was still dark outside. she went to sit with dick and stayed there all that day. and that night she locked all the doors of the house and went to bed beside dick - thankful, perhaps for the first time in their marriage, for his closeness.within a week, dick was back at work. again the days passed, the long days alone in the house with the african while dick was out in the fields. she was fighting against something she could not understand. moses filled her thoughts night and day, while dick became less and less real. she could never be calm; the native was always there. she kept out of his way as much as possible, and she could not look into his eyes. she knew that it would mean disaster if she did, because now there was always the memory of her fear, of the way she had spoken to him that night. she hated hearing him speak because now his voice sounded different: confident, powerful, almost rude. she wanted to tell dick to send him away but she did not dare.she felt she was in a street, moving towards something final, something she could not see but from which there was no escape. she felt she was waiting, and moses seemed to be waiting too. they were like two fighters silently preparing for a battle. but while he was strong, she was frightened and weak from her terrible dream-filled nights.