in the book it said: "boa constrictors swallow their prey whole, without chewing. afterward they are no longer able to move, and they sleep for six months they need for digestion."in those days i thought a lot about jungle adventures, and eventually managed to make my first drawing, with a colored pencil. my drawing number one looked like this:i showed the grown-ups my masterpiece, and i asked them if my drawing scared them.they answered, "why should anyone be scared of a hat?"my drawing was not a picture of a hat. it was a picture of a boa constrictor digesting an elephant. then i drew the inside of the boa constrictor, so the grown-ups could understand. they always need explanations.my drawing number two looked like this:the grown-ups advised me to put away my drawings of boa constrictors, outside or inside, and apply myself instead to geography, history, arithmetic, and grammar. that is why i gave up, at the age of six, a magnificent career as an artist. i had been discouraged by the failure of my drawing number one and of my drawing number two.grown-ups never understand anything by themselves, and it is exhausting for children to have to explain over and over again.so then i had to choose another career. i learned to pilot airplanes. i have flown almost everywhere in the world. and, as a matter of fact, geography has been a big help to me. i could tell china from arizona at first glance, which is very useful if you get lost during the night.so i have met, in the course of my life, lots of serious people. i have spent lots of time with grownups. i have seen them at close range... which hasn't improved my opinion of them.whenever i encountered a grown-up who seemed to be intelligent, i would experiment on him with my drawing number one, which i have always kept. i wanted to see if he really understood anything.but he would always answer, "that's a hat." then i wouldn't talk about boa constrictors or jungles or stars. i would put myself on his level and talk about bridge and golf and politics and neckties. and my grown-up was glad to know such a reasonable person.