'girls don't run away to sea,''well, what shall i do?''really,' said gerald, 'i don't know what the girl can do. let her come home with us and have -''tea - oh, yes,' said jimmy, jumping up. 'and have a good discussion,''after tea,' said jimmy.'but the aunt will think something's happened to her.' 'so it has.''and she'll tell the police, and they'll look everywhere for me.''they'll never find you,' said gerald.'i'm sure,' said mabel, 'aunt would rather never see me again than see me like this. it might kill her. i'll write to her, and we'll put it in the big letter-box at the gate as we go out. has anyone got a pencil and paper?'gerald tore a page out of the note-book and gave mabel a small pencil. the pencil began writing, forming round, clear letters on the page. this is what it wrote:'dear aunt,i am afraid you will not see me again for some time. a lady in a car has adopted me, and we are going straight to the coast and then in a ship. it is useless to try to follow me. good-bye. i hope you enjoyed the fair.mabel.''but that's all lies,' said jimmy.'no, it isn't; it's fancy said mabel. 'if i said i've become invisible, she'd think that was a lie, anyhow.'mabel led the children by another and very much nearer way out of the park. as they got back to school, the first drops of rain fell.mademoiselle came herself to open the door.'you are late!' she cried. 'all goes well?''we are very sorry,' said gerald. 'it took us longer to get home than we expected.'the children sat down to supper. there were only three plates, but jimmy let mabel have his. it was strange to see the bread and butter flying about in the air, and bite after bite disappearing; and the spoon rising with baked apple in it and returning to the plate empty.everyone was very hungry, and asked for more bread and butter. cook grumbled when the plate was filled for the third time.'it'll be difficult to give mabel any breakfast,' said gerald; 'mademoiselle will be here then. she'd have a fit if she saw bits of bacon fly in the air and disappear.''we shall have to buy things for mabel to eat in secret,' said kathleen.'our money won't last long,' said jimmy. 'have you got any money?''i've not got much money,' was mabel's reply, 'but i've got a lot of ideas.''we will talk about everything in the morning,' said kathleen. 'we must just say good night to mademoiselle, and then you shall sleep in my bed, mabel. i'll give you one of my nightgowns.'it was extremely strange, kathleen thought, to see the princess's clothes coming out of nothing. first the veil appeared hanging in the air. then the sparkling crown suddenly showed on the table. then a sleeve of the pinky dress showed, then another, and then the whole dress lay on the floor. each piece of clothes became visible as mabel took it off. the nightgown, lifted from the bed, disappeared a bit at a time.kathleen was just getting sleepy when she remembered that the maid who would come in the morning would see those wonderful princess clothes.'i'll have to get up and hide them,' she said.and as she lay thinking about it she fell asleep, and when she woke again it was bright morning, and eliza was standing in front of the chair where mabel's clothes lay, looking at the pink dress.'oh, don't touch, please!' cried kathleen.'where did you get that?''we're going to use it for acting,' invented kathleen. 'it's given me for that.'here a bell rang and eliza had to go, because it was the postman, and she particularly wanted to see him.'and now,' said kathleen, pulling on her first stocking, 'we shall have to do the acting. everything seems very difficult.''acting isn't,' said mabel; and a stocking disappeared in the air. 'i shall love it.''you forget,' said kathleen, 'invisible actresses can't take part in plays unless they're magic ones.''oh,' cried a voice, 'i've got such an idea!''tell it us after breakfast,' said kathleen.she brought mabel a piece of bread taken by gerald from the pantry. mabel ate the bread and drank water from the tooth- mug.'i'm afraid it tastes of cherry tooth-paste,' said kathleen apologetically.'it doesn't matter,' replied mabel; 'it's more interesting than water. i think red wine in ballads was rather like this.''we're going to tell your aunt where you really are,' said kathleen.'she won't believe you. i expect you'll be sorry for it,' said mabel; 'but come on and, i say, do be careful not to shut me in the door as you go out. you nearly did just now.'mabel's aunt was reading a pink novel at the window of the housekeeper's room.'excuse me,' said gerald, 'but i believe you've lost your niece?''not lost, my boy,' said the aunt, who was thin and tall.'we could tell you something about her,' said gerald.'no complaints, please,' replied the aunt. 'my niece has gone. if she's played any tricks on you it's only her light-hearted way. go away, children, i'm busy.''did you get her note?' asked kathleen.the aunt showed more interest than before, but she still kept her finger in the novel.'oh,' she said, 'so you saw her leave? did she seem glad to go?''quite,' said gerald truthfully.'these romantic adventures do occur in our family,' said the aunt. 'lord yalding selected me out of eleven candidates for the post of housekeeper here. i have no doubt the child was changed at birth and her rich relatives have found her.''your mabel's invisible,' said jimmy. 'she's just beside me now.''i hate lies,' said the aunt, 'in all its forms. will you kindly take that little boy away? i am quite satisfied about mabel.''but what will mabel's father and mother say?' asked gerald.'mabel's father and mother are dead,' said the aunt calmly.'all right,' he said, 'we'll leave. but don't say we didn't tell you the truth, that's all.''you have told me nothing,' said the aunt, 'none of you, except that little boy, who has told me a silly lie. good-bye.'and on this they got away quickly.'why,' said gerald, when they were outside the little court, 'your aunt's mad. she doesn't care what becomes of you and believes that nonsense about the lady in a car!''i knew she'd believe it when i wrote it,' said mabel. 'she's not mad, only she's always reading novels. now i'll tell you my great idea. i'm not ungrateful, but i'm rather hungry. and you can't always take things for me from the pantry. if you like, i'll go back and live in the castle together with the ghosts. i am a sort of ghost now, you know.''oh no,' said kathleen kindly; 'you must stay with us.''if you could get the ring off, you could go back,' said jimmy.'yes, but i can't. i tried again last night and again this morning,' said mabel's voice. 'what i mean to say - now that i am invisible we can have adventures.''"adventures," said the brave pirate, "are not always profitable."' it was gerald who said this.'this one will be. look here, if jerry could make himself look common, he could go to the fair and do conjuring.''he doesn't know any,' said kathleen.'i should do it really,' said mabel, 'but jerry could look like doing it. move things without touching them and all that. only you mustn't all go. people may wonder what children are doing all alone by themselves.''don't show that you know me,' said gerald, 'try to look as if you came to the fair with grown-ups. if you don't, some kind policemen will take the little lost children by the hand and lead them home to parents - the french teacher, i mean.''let's go now,' said the voice. so they went.the fair was held about half a mile from the castle gates. when they got near enough gerald went ahead to get something to eat. he brought some nuts, red apples, small yellow pears, sweets and two bottles of ginger-beer.they ate and drank. the boys were never tired of seeing mabel eat, or rather of seeing the strange, magic-looking disappearance of food which was all that showed of mabel's eating.'i'm sure it will knock them!' said gerald, again and again. it did.jimmy and kathleen were the first to go to the fair. soon they saw a strange figure with its hands in its pockets. it was gerald, but at first they hardly recognized him. he had taken off his tie, and round his head, like a turban, was the red school-scarf. and his face and hands were bright black!everyone turned to look at him.gerald went up close to a long-faced woman who was sitting at the door of a small tent.'i'm a conjurer, from india,' said gerald.'not you!' said the woman; 'the backs of your ears are ail white.'"are they?' said gerald. 'how clever of you to see that!' he rubbed them with his hands. 'that better?''that's all right. what do you do?''conjuring,' said gerald. 'look here, if you help me with the show i'll go shares.'let's first see how you do conjuring, since you're so clever.''right you are,' said gerald firmly. 'you see this apple? well, i'll make it move slowly through the air, and then when i say "go!" it'll disappear.''yes - into your mouth! get away with your nonsense.'he held out one of the little apples, and the woman saw it move slowly along the air.'now - go' cried gerald, to the apple, and it went. 'how's that?' he asked, in tons of triumph.the woman was excited. 'the best ever saw!' she whispered. 'i'm on, mate, if you know any more tricks like that.''a lot,' said gerald. then he asked: 'will you give me your shawl?' she gave him a red and black shawl, and he spread it on the ground and seated himself cross-legged behind it. the woman got a drum from the inside of the tent and beat it.quite soon a little crowd gathered.'ladies and gentlemen,' said gerald, 'i come from india, and i can do tricks which you've never seen. when i see two shillings on the shawl i'll begin.'a few pennies fell on the shawl.'nine pence,' said gerald. 'well, i've got a generous nature. i don't wish to deceive you - i have an assistant, but my assistant is invisible.'the crowd laughed.'now,' said he, laying the nine pennies down on the shawl, 'you keep your eyes on those pennies, and one by one you'll see them disappear.'and of course they did. then one by one they were laid down again by the invisible hand of mabel. 'bravo!' 'show us another!' cried the people.'now,' said gerald, 'you've seen what i can do, but i don't do any more till i see five shillings on this carpet.'and in two minutes seven shillings lay there and gerald did a little more conjuring.the news of the conjurer had spread all over the fair. more people came to look at him. the woman stood, looking more and more pleasant as she saw the money and beat her drum every time gerald stopped conjuring.it was getting quite late, and gerald, who was very tired and quite satisfied with his share of the money, was wondering how to get out of it.'they'll never let us get away. i didn't think of that be-fore,' he whispered to mabel.she thought and told him what to do.gerald asked the woman to divide the money, which she did honestly enough.'now,' he said, 'i'll give you five shillings for your shawl.''seven shillings,' said the woman mechanically.'righto' said gerald, putting his heavy share of the money in his trouser pocket.'this shawl will now disappear,' he said, picking it up. he gave it mabel, who put it on; and, of course, it disappeared. the audience was impressed.'now,' he said, 'i come to the last trick of all. i shall take three steps backwards and disappear. he took three steps backwards, mabel put the invisible shawl round him, and he did not disappear. the invisible shawl couldn't make him invisible.'yah!' cried a boy's voice in the crowd. 'look at him! he knows he can't do it.'the crowd was crowding closer. at any moment they might touch mabel, and then anything might happen - simply anything.'oh!' whispered mabel suddenly, 'i can get it off.''not'yes - the ring.''come on, young master. give us something for our money,' a farmer shouted.'i will,' said gerald. 'this time i really will disappear. go into the tent,' he whispered to mabel. 'push the ring under the canvas. then go away and join the others. when i see you with them i'll disappear. go slow, and i'll catch you up''it's me,' said a pale and real mabel in the ear of kathleen. 'he's got the ring; come on, before the crowd begins to shout.'as they went out of the gate they heard the shouting of surprise, and knew that this time gerald really disappeared.later they heard footsteps on the road, and next moment gerald's voice spoke.'hello!' it said gloomily.'you made me jump! take my ring off!''it's not yours any more than ours, anyhow,' said jimmy.'yes, it is,' said mabel.'oh, stop it!' said the tired voice of gerald beside her. 'you can't have the ring. i can't get it off.'