'how could he say all that?' said kathleen, if it hadn't been for you they could do nothing, jerry.''well,' said gerald, 'you know, after all, he had to say something. i'm glad i-' and he stopped.'you're glad you what?''it doesn't matter,' he said, 'now, what are we going to do today? mabel will want her ring. and you and jimmy want it too. oh, i know. we haven't been attentive to mademoiselle lately. we'll go to the fair and buy her flowers.'the three children met mabel at the corner of the square where every friday there was a fair and you could buy fresh meat, vegetables, sweets, toys, mirrors, and all sorts of other interesting things.the sun was shining, and, as mabel said, 'all nature looked smiling and cheerful.'they chose carnations, a bunch of yellow ones, a bunch of white ones, and a bunch of red ones. they took the carnations home, and gerald knocked at the door of the drawing- room, where mademoiselle seemed to sit all day.'come in!' came her voice; and gerald entered. she was not reading, on the table he saw a sketch-book and an open color-box.'with all of our loves,' said gerald and laying the flowers down before her.'you are a dear child.' and before gerald could say any-thing, she kissed him on the two cheeks.'are you painting?' he asked.'i am doing a sketch,' she answered and showed him a beautiful and exact sketch of yalding towers.'oh, i say - ripping' was the critic's comment. 'may the others come and see?' the others came, including mabel, who stood behind the rest, and looked over jimmy's shoulder.mademoiselle saw mabel and asked: 'a friend from the town, yes?''how do you do?' said mabel politely. 'no, i'm not from the town. i live at yalding towers.'the name seemed to impress mademoiselle very much.'yalding towers,' she repeated, 'but this is very extraordinary. is it possible that you are then of the family of lord yalding?''he hasn't any family,' said mabel; 'he's not married.''are you his niece then?''no,' said mabel, 'i'm lord yalding's housekeeper's niece.''but you know lord yalding?''no,' said mabel, 'i've never seen him.''then he never comes to his castle?''i have never seen him. but he's coming next week.''why doesn't he live there?' mademoiselle asked.'auntie says he's too poor,' said mabel, and told the story as she had heard it in the housekeeper's room: how lord yalding's uncle had left all the money to lord yalding's cousin, and poor lord yalding had only just enough to keep the old place in repair, and to live very quietly somewhere else.'but how his uncle could be so cruel to leave him the castle and no money?' asked mademoiselle.'oh, i can tell you that too,' said mabel. 'lord yalding wanted to marry a lady his uncle didn't want him to, a barmaid or a ballet lady or something, and his uncle said, "well then," and left everything to the cousin.''and you say he is not married.''no - the lady went into a convent.''and this lord did not then look for his lady?''oh, yes did,' said mabel; 'but there are millions of convents, you know, and he had no idea where to look, and they sent back his letters from the post-office, and-''it seems that one knows all in the housekeeper's saloon,' said mademoiselle.'pretty well all,' said mabel simply.'it is nearly dinner-time,' said the french teacher. 'your friend will be our guest, and in her honor we will make a little feast. my beautiful flowers - put them into the water, kathleen. i run to buy the cakes. wash the hands, all, and be ready when i return.'smiling and nodding to the children, she left them, and ran up the stairs.'look here,' said gerald, 'this is jolly decent of her. let us stay today indoors and play with her instead. i think she's most awfully bored.''would she really like it?' kathleen wondered. 'aunt emily says grown-ups never really like playing. they do it to please us.''they little know,' gerald answered, 'how often we do it to please them.''we've got to do that dressing-up with the princess clothes anyhow,' said kathleen. 'we can do it after dinner. come on, jimmy; let's help eliza to lay the table.they went.'it was lucky,' said gerald suddenly thought, 'that the burglars didn't go for the diamonds in the treasure-chamber.''they couldn't,' said mabel almost in a whisper; 'they didn't know about them. nobody knows about them, except me - and you. aunt doesn't know. i just found out the spring by accident. and if the burglars do know,' said mabel, 'it'll all come out at the trial.''there won't be any trial,' said gerald thoughtfully.'no trial?''the burglars had been warned by someone and the police didn't catch them,' he said.''what a pity!' said mabel.'it's a pity you think it's a pity, because it was me,' said gerald. 'i couldn't help it. i went to a prison once, with father; and after i'd shown the place to johnson i remembered that, and i just couldn't.''how did you warn them?' said mabel.''i just shoved a paper under the man's door - the one that i knew where he lived - to tell him to lie low. i know it was wrong, but i couldn't help it. don't tell the others. they wouldn't understand why i did it. i don't understand it myself.''i do,' said mabel: 'it's because you've got a kind and noble heart.''come on; let's wash our hands.''it's a pity the ring can't make invisible just parts of you - the dirt, for instance.''perhaps,' gerald said unexpectedly, 'it won't make even all of you invisible again.''why not?' asked mabel.'you were invisible twenty-one hours; i was invisible fourteen hours, and eliza only seven - that's seven less each time. and now we've come to zero. it will be something different this time. and there's another odd thing. when you're invisible your relations don't love you. look at your aunt, and cathy didn't care about me going burgling. we haven't got to the bottom of that ring yet.it was a real feast. they had cakes and fruit and chocolates. there were jokes and stories and laughter. jimmy did conjuring, mademoiselle told them stories of her own school-days and drew pictures of everything they asked for, till gerald asked her: 'do you like acting - the theatre, i mean?''but yes - i love it,''all right,' said gerald. 'we'll act a play for you this evening if you like.''but certainly,' said mademoiselle; 'amuse yourselves well, my children.''but it's you' said mabel suddenly, 'that we want to amuse. because we love you very much - don't we, all of you?''yes,' said the others. as mabel said it, they found to their surprise that it was true.'you love the old french teacher? impossible,' said mademoiselle.'you're not old,' said mabel; 'and you're as lovely as a princess.'the children ran out of the room to get ready for the performance.in the evening mademoiselle was invited into the dining- room. eliza held the door open before her, and followed her in. it was rather dark there. the curtain concealed that part of the room, which was the stage.chairs had been placed across the other end of the room - all the chairs in the house, as it seemed. mademoiselle started when she saw that many of these chairs were occupied by men and women with strange, clumsy figures, and all with hats on.'but,' whispered mademoiselle, 'you have then invited other friends?'laughter answered her from behind the curtain.'it's only part of the performance,' cried mabel.eliza, laughing, turned on the light.mademoiselle looked at the figure seated nearest to her, half laughed, half screamed, and sat down suddenly.'oh!' she cried, 'they are not alive!'eliza, with a much louder scream, had found out the same thing and announced it differently. 'they have got no insides,' said she. the seven members of the audience had, indeed, no insides to speak of. their bodies were rolled-up blankets, their backs were broom-handles, and their arm and leg were hockey sticks and umbrellas. their hands were gloves filled with handkerchiefs; and their faces were the paper masks painted in the afternoon by gerald and tied on to the round heads made of the pillows. the faces were really ugly.'you have made yourself an audience, yes? bravo!' cried mademoiselle. at this moment the curtain went up. a voice said, 'beauty and the beast.'there was a real stage - the dining-tables pushed close together and covered with pink-and-white curtains. the scene was simple, but convincing.you may imagine what beauty and the beast would be like acted by four children who had spent the afternoon arranging their costumes and so had left no time for rehearsing what they had to say. yet they acted with great pleasure, and the audience liked it. mabel, in her princess clothes, was a real beauty; gerald was a beast, jimmy was a merchant, and kathleen surprised even herself by the quickness with which she changed from one to the other of small roles - fairies, servants, and messengers. it was at the end of the second act that gerald put a ring into mabel's hand and said, 'good-bye, dear beauty! this is a magic ring that will give you anything you wish. when you desire to return to your beast, put on the ring and say your wish. and you will be by my side.'beauty-mabel took the ring, and it was the ring.the curtain closed to warm applause from two pairs of hands.'it's a pity those creatures we made are not alive,' said mabel. 'we could get something like real applause then.''i'm glad they aren't,' said gerald. 'when i catch their paper eyes i fell awful.'it was the middle of the last act when it all happened.mademoiselle began it: she applauded the garden scene.eliza's fat red hands followed heavily, and then - someone else was applauding, six or seven people. nine faces instead of two were turned towards the stage, and seven out of the nine were painted paper faces. and every hand and every face was alive. mabel looked at the audience in horror, mademoiselle and eliza ran from the room.'curtain! curtain! quick!' cried beauty-mabel, in a voice that wasn't mabel's or the beauty's. 'jerry, those things have come alive. oh, what shall we do?'jimmy and kathleen drew the curtains.'you've done it this time!' said gerald to worried mabel.'i've done it?' asked mabel. 'i like that!''i knew something different was going to happen,' said gerald. 'it's turned into a wishing ring. those ugly-wuglies have come alive because mabel wished it.''we must go and pull them to pieces.''they're going out!' screamed kathleen - 'walking out - on their umbrella and broomstick legs. you can't stop them, jerry, they're too awful!''everybody in the town will be mad if we don't stop them,' cried gerald. 'here, give me the ring, i'll un wish them.'he took the ring from mabel, cried, 'i wish the uglies weren't alive,' and ran to the door. but nothing happened. the hall was crowded with live things, strange things, all horribly short as broom sticks and umbrellas are short. a white face with red cheeks looked up at him, and wide red lips said something, he could not tell what. and it had said it four times before gerald could understand that this alive horror was saying calmly and politely: 'can you recommend me a good hotel?'