and this explains how it was that when gerald and jimmy, holding hands in the darkness of the passage, called for help for the first time, and that call was at once answered from outside.mabel and kathleen opened the stone door, and the boys came out of the passage into the temple of flora. then gerald and jimmy answered the questions of their sister and mabel.'and you left that ugly-wugly in london,' said mabel; 'though you could take him with you.''it's all right where it is,' said gerald. 'i couldn't think of everything. and besides, no, thank you!''look here,' said mabel, 'let's just put the ring back in the treasure-room. it's time to have done with it.'so they went up to the castle, and the ring was put back among the odd ornaments that mabel had once said were magic.'it doesn't look magic at all!' said gerald. 'it's just like an old silly ring. i wonder if what mabel said about the other things is true! let's try.''i'd like to try,' said mabel, 'only - i don't remember what i said anything was.'so had the others. perhaps that was why, when they invented qualities for various rings and chains and brooches, nothing at all happened.'it's only the ring that's magic,' said mabel at last; 'oh, i say!' she added, in quite a different voice.'what?''i think the ring is not magic!''but we know it is.''what ring?''the wishing-ring,' said kathleen; 'the invisibility ring.''don't you see,' said mabel, opening her dark eyes very wide, 'the ring is what you say it is? that's how it made us invisible - i just said it. oh, we can't leave it here. it is too valuable. say what it is.''it's a wishing-ring,' said jimmy.'we've had that before and you had your silly wish,' said mabel, more and more excited. 'i say it isn't a wishing-ring. i say it's a ring that makes the person who wears it four yards high.'she put the ring on her finger and at the same moment she became indeed four yards high.'now you've done it!' said gerald and he was right.'oh, mabel, it was silly of you!' said kathleen.'you didn't believe me when i said it was what i said it was,' said mabel. 'and i had to show it to you. what shall i do now, i should like to know?''we must conceal you till you get normal,' said gerald practically.'yes - but where?' said mabel. 'i'm afraid one of you will have to stay the night with me. i'm not going to be left alone, the silly height i am.'height was the right word; mabel had said 'four yards high' and she was four yards high. but she was as thin as when her height was normal, so she looked, as gerald said, 'like a nice worm'. her clothes had, of course, grown with her. she sat down suddenly on the floor.'it's no use sitting there,' said gerald.'i'm not sitting here,' said mabel; 'i only got down so as to be able to get through the door. i think i'll have to go on my hands and knees through most places. look here, i must be out of doors before it gets dark.''you can't. someone will see you.''no, i can creep on my front like a snake and hide in the bushes near the dinosaur,' said mabel. 'and we could have a picnic there. i'll write to auntie. she'll give you the things for a picnic.'so she wrote on a page from gerald's note-book:'dearest auntie,'please may we have some things for a picnic? gerald will bring them. i can't come myself, because i am a little tired. i think i have been growing rather fast, - your loving niece,mabel.p.s. - lot of things, please, because some of us are very hungry.'it was difficult, but possible, for mabel to creep through the bushes. when gerald returned with a basket, her long, pale face could be seen among the leaves, very near the ground.'i look just like anybody else like this, don't i?' she asked anxiously; 'all the rest of me is miles away, under different bushes.''we've covered up the parts between the bushes with branches and leaves,' said kathleen; 'don't move, mabel, or you'll shake them off.'jimmy was unpacking the basket. he found there many good things: bread and butter, a bottle of milk, a bottle of water, cake and apples.it was a wonderful picnic. everyone became happy and calm. a nice after-food peace filled the summer air. even the stone dinosaur seemed peaceful and happy.'i think he liked a good meal in his day,' said gerald.'who did?''the dinosaur,' said gerald.'he had a meal today,' said kathleen, and giggled.'yes,' said mabel, giggling also.'what do you mean a meal?' jimmy asked suspiciously.'oh, don't be stupid!' said kathleen. 'we fed the dinosaur through the hole in his stomach with the clothes the ugly- wuglies were made of!''we can take them home with us, then,' said gerald, 'so that's all right.''look here,' said kathleen suddenly; 'i've got an idea. let me have the ring. i'll give it back before we go.''oh, but you aren't going yet!' said mabel. she pulled off the ring.kathleen took the ring and started to run towards the dinosaur, crying, 'let's go and take the things now.' her idea was quite simple. she knew that a person who is not enchanted by the ring could rename it and change its powers. she wanted to say aloud, so that the others could not hear her, 'this is a wishing-ring. it gives you any wish you choose.' and she did say it. and no one heard her, except the birds.the way was uphill; it was sunny, and kathleen had run fast. so when her brothers caught her at the dinosaur she was very hot indeed and couldn't decide calmly what to wish.'i'll get up and move the things down, because i know where i put them,' she said.gerald and jimmy helped her to climb up, and she disappeared through the hole into the dark inside of the monster. then she began to throw down clothes and sticks.'i'm coming up to help you,' said gerald. just as he got his shoulders through the opening he heard kathleen's boots on the floor of the dinosaur's inside, and kathleen's voice: 'it's so cool in here. statues are always cool. i wish to be a statue. oh!'the 'oh' was a cry of horror.'what's up?' gerald asked. but in his heart he knew. he climbed up inside. in the little light that came up through the hole he could see something white. he struck a match and saw the face of kathleen, white, stony, and lifeless. her hair was white, too, and her hands, clothes, shoes - everything was white, hard and cold. kathleen had her wish: she was a marble statue. gerald could not speak. it was too sudden, too terrible. then he turned and spoke down out of that cold, stony silence to jimmy, in the green, sunny live world outside.'jimmy,' he said, 'kathleen's gone and said that ring was a wishing-ring. and so it was, of course. i see now what she was up to, running like that. and then she went and wished she was a statue.''and she is?' asked jimmy, below.'come up and have a look,' said gerald. and jimmy came.'she is really a statue,' he said in horror.'come on - let's go and tell mabel,' said gerald.the two boys returned and told her the news.'oh, how awful! what next?' said mabel.'she'll come all right' said gerald, trying to be calm.'yes; but what about me?' asked mabel. 'i haven't got the ring. and my time will be up before hers is. could you get it off her hand? i'll put it back on her hand when i am normal again.''i'm afraid the ring's turned to stone like her boots and all her clothes. but i'll go and see.'gerald got inside the dinosaur, struck a match and saw the dark ring on the white hand of the marble kathleen. he pulled the ring, and, to his surprise, it slipped easily off the cold marble finger.'i say, cathy, i am sorry,' he said. then he thought that perhaps she could hear him. so he told the statue exactly what he and the others wanted to do. then he returned to the others.'here's your ring,' he said to mabel. 'now you're not frightened of anything, are you?''no,' said mabel, in surprise. 'i'll stay here, but you must leave me all the coats, because it will be cold in the night. then i shall be here when kathleen comes out of the stone again. and you two go home and tell mademoiselle that kathleen's staying at the towers.''but we don't know which of you will come right first. anyhow, we'll say good night to mademoiselle, and come and have a look at you before we go to bed,' said gerald.mabel crept under the dinosaur, the boys covered her with coats and left.the sun had disappeared behind the black trees and the moon was rising. mabel slept peacefully under the dinosaur.inside the monster kathleen, alive in her marble, slept too. she had heard gerald's words. she was the same kathleen, only she was kathleen in a case of marble that didn't let her move. inside, the marble was not cold or hard, but warm and pleasantly safe. everything was well. she had only to wait quietly and quite comfortably when she would come out of this stone case. so she waited calmly and then fell asleep.when she woke she felt needles in feet, and her arms were tired. she rubbed her eyes and remembered. she had been a statue, a statue inside the stone dinosaur.'now i'm alive again,' she said, 'and i'll get out of it.'she sat down, put her feet through the hole, and realized that the dinosaur was moving!'oh!' said kathleen inside it. 'it is moonlight, and it's come alive, like gerald said.'it was indeed moving. kathleen was afraid to jump out of it, because the beast was moving fast. they were going downhill. then kathleen heard a splash. they were close to water - the lake. kathleen dropped quickly out of the hole on the grass, ran sideways and stood panting in the shadow of a statue's pedestal. a moment later the dinosaur slipped heavily into the water, and swam towards the central island.'be careful, little lady. i jump!' the voice came from the pedestal, and next moment phoebus had jumped from the pedestal.'you are new,' said phoebus. 'i haven't seen you before.''i am quite new,' said kathleen, 'and i didn't know you could talk.''why not?' phoebus laughed. 'you can talk.''but i'm alive.''am i not?' he asked. 'the white water calls me! i go.' and he jumped into the water.kathleen turned and went up the hill towards the bushes. she must find mabel, and they must go home at once. she found mabel very quickly, because her long and worm-like form covered with coats and trousers could be easily seen in the moonlight. kathleen touched her long cheek gently, and she woke.'what's up?' she said sleepily.'it's only me,' kathleen explained.'how cold your hands are!' said mabel.'wake up,' said kathleen, 'and let's talk.''can't we go home now? i'm awfully tired and hungry.''you're too long to go home yet,' said kathleen sadly, and then mabel remembered.she lay with closed eyes then she suddenly cried out:'oh! cathy, i feel so funny -i'm getting shorter. i know lam-'mabel was really getting shorter. her feet were near - her long arms became shorter - her face was no longer half a yard long.'you are all right. oh, i am so glad!' cried kathleen; 'and now we'll go home at once, dear.''go home?' said mabel, slowly sitting up and looking at kathleen with her big dark eyes. 'go home like that?''like what?' kathleen asked impatiently.'why, you,' was mabel's odd answer.'i'm all right,' said kathleen. 'come on.''look at yourself - your hands - your dress - everything.'kathleen looked at her hands. they were of marble whiteness. her dress, too - her shoes, her stockings, even the ends of her hair. she was white as snow.'what is it?' she asked, worried.'don't you see? you've not come right. you're a statue still.''i'm not - i'm alive - i'm talking to you.''i know you are, darling,' said mabel kindly. 'that's be-cause it's moonlight.''but you can see i'm alive.''of course i can. i've got the ring,' said mabel, taking her marble hand. 'it's moonlight, and you're a statue, and you've just come alive with all the other statues. and when the moon goes down you'll just be a statue again. by the way, where's the dinosaur?''in his bath,' said kathleen, 'and so are all the other stone beasts.''well,' said mabel, trying to look on the bright side of things, 'that's good news.'