it certainly looked very splendid. mabel's aunt had taken the covers off the furniture and put flowers in the rooms.all the afternoon the crowd in its smart holiday clothes, pink blouses, and light-colored suits, and summer hats passed through and through the dark hall, the magnificent drawing-rooms and bedrooms and picture-galleries. the sounds of boots and high-heeled shoes, laughter and loud voices could be heard everywhere.'i hate to see all these people in our garden' said gerald, as the children watched the visitors from the window of the stone summer-house at the end of the terrace.'i said that to that nice man this morning,' said mabel, 'and he said it wasn't much to let them come once a week.'did he say anything else?' asked jimmy.'a lot of things,' said mabel. 'i told him about our adventures.''oh, no!''and he thinks i've got a real literary talent.''i say, i forgot to tell you, but i met mademoiselle and she's coming to meet us and walk back with us,' said gerald.'it may be kind, but now we shall have to sit here and wait for her,' said mabel, 'and i promised we'd meet that man. he's going to bring things in a basket and have a picnic-tea with us.''where?''beside the dinosaur.''when?''as soon as the gates shut. that's five.''we might take mademoiselle to the picnic,' suggested gerald.'you can't tell what she will think about it,' said kathleen.'well, i'll tell you what,' said gerald, lazily turning on the stone bench. 'you all go there and meet your man. a picnic's a picnic. and i'll wait for mademoiselle.'mabel said that this was jolly decent of gerald. jimmy added that gerald liked to suck up to people.'little boys don't understand diplomacy,' said gerald calmly; 'you never know when a grown-up may be useful. besides, they like it. you must give them some little pleasures.''all right,' said mabel, 'come on, cathy, jimmy.'it was a sunny summer day. when the children reached the dinosaur, they were very hot. the man looked very nice, the girls thought. he was wearing a grey summer suit, a pretty green tie and a straw hat. he welcomed the children warmly. and there were two promising baskets under the trees.he was a man of tact.'you must be thirsty and hungry,' he said, 'we'll have tea, but first you can take off your shoes and stockings; there's a little canal right there.'it was very pleasant to dip feet in cool water after a hot walk. when they came back, they had tea with milk and cakes, and fruit.jimmy was much impressed with it and he suddenly said: 'your feast's as good as the feast of the gods, almost.''what do you mean?' asked the host; and jimmy told him the whole story of that wonderful night when the statues came alive, and they had a feast with them.the man smiled: 'did you get all this out of a book?''no,' said jimmy, 'it happened; everything i've told you did happen, and so did the things mabel told you.'the man looked a little uncomfortable. 'all right,' he said. and there was a short silence.'look here,' said jimmy. 'do you believe me or not?''don't be silly, jimmy!' kathleen whispered.'i think you tell adventures very well,' said the man calmly.'very well,' said jimmy, sitting up, 'you don't believe me. 'cathy, give me the ring.''oh, no!' said the girls together.they did not want to give the ring to jimmy, but they couldn't stop him. it was his hour.'now,' said jimmy, 'this is the ring mabel told you about. i say it is a wishing-ring. and if you put it on your finger and wish, everything you wish will happen.''don't wish for anything silly,' said kathleen. 'wish for something you really want.''i'll wish for the only thing i really want,' said the man. 'i wish my friend were here.'the three who knew the power of the ring looked round to see the man's friend, but they only saw mademoiselle and gerald. mademoiselle was wearing a white dress, looking quite nice and like a picture, and gerald was hot and polite.'good afternoon,' said gerald. 'i persuaded mademoiselle'that sentence was never finished, because the man and the french teacher were looking at each other like stuck pigs', as jimmy said later.'is she your friend?' jimmy asked.'oh yes,' said the man. 'you are my friend, are you not?''but yes,' mademoiselle said kindly. 'i am your friend.''there! you see,' said jimmy, 'the ring does do what i said.''you can say it's the ring. for me it's the happiest coincidence,' said the man. 'jimmy, give your brother some tea. mademoiselle, come and walk in the woods. i would like to talk to you.''yes, we must speak to each other,' said mademoiselle, 'i haven't seen lord yalding for a long time!''so he was lord yalding all the time,' said jimmy, as the white dress and the grey suit disappeared in the wood. 'and she is his friend'.'his friend!' said mabel with strong scorn; 'don't you see she's his lover? she's the lady that had gone into a convent, and he couldn't find her. and now the ring's made them happy.'mabel was right about mademoiselle. her guardian was against her marriage to a poor lord and had put her in a con-vent. then he disappeared in south america with all her money, and mademoiselle had to work. she became a teacher and came to that school because it was near lord yalding's home.next morning mademoiselle looked a different person. her cheeks were pink, her lips were red, and her eyes were larger and brighter.immediately after breakfast lord yalding invited the whole party to yalding towers.the children decided to explore the castle. lord yalding gave his permission, and together with mademoiselle he went out for a walk in the garden. mabel showed the others all the secret doors and passages and stairs that she had discovered. when they were coming out of a little secret room they suddenly met an odd little man who had a beard like a goat.'this part of the castle is private,' said mabel and shut the door behind her.'i know that,' said the stranger, 'but i have the permission of the lord yalding to see the house.''oh!' said mabel. 'i'm sorry. we didn't know.'the gentleman was thin and well-dressed; he had small, quick eyes and a brown face.'you are playing some game?'no, sir,' said gerald, 'only exploring.''may i join your expedition?' asked the gentleman, smiling.the children looked at each other.'we can't take you because we don't know what you want to find here,' said jimmy.'i understand your position,' said the gentleman. 'i have come to this country because i want to rent a nice house. my name is jefferson d. conway.''oh!' said mabel; 'then you're the american millionaire.''not yet, young lady,' said mr jefferson d. conway. 'now let's start our tour.'mabel led the millionaire through the castle. he seemed pleased, but at the same time disappointed too.'it is a fine castle,' he said at last when they returned to the state bedroom; 'but isn't there a secret passage or a ghost?''there are,' said mabel, 'if you were sleep in this room, i expect-you'll see the ghost,' said mabel.'there is a ghost here then?' he said with enthusiasm.'yes,' mabel answered, 'old sir rupert, who lost his head long ago, walks at night here, with his head under his arm.''well,' said the american with a smile, 'i'll ask the lord yalding to let me pass a night in his state bedroom. and if i hear a ghost's footsteps, i'll take the place.''i am glad!' said kathleen.'you are very certain of your ghost,' said the american suspiciously. 'let me tell you, young gentlemen, that i carry a gun, and when i see a ghost, i shoot'. and he pulled a pistol out of his pocket. 'thank you for all your kindness.''if the american rents the castle, he'll pay lord yalding a good rent, and then he could marry the french teacher,' said mabel. 'we must make a ghost for him.'later that evening lord yalding suddenly appeared at school again and said: 'mr jefferson conway wants you boys to spend the night with him in the state chamber. you don't mind, do you? he thinks you've got some idea of playing ghost-tricks on him.'it was impossible to refuse, though the boys were reluctant to see sir rupert's ghost.as soon as mabel learned from her aunt that mr jefferson d. conway would sleep at the castle that night, she found lord yalding and got the ring back. then she said a wish, 'that sir rupert and his head may appear tonight in the state bedroom.'gerald and jimmy were awakened by a pistol shot. in the dark state bedroom lighted by six tall candles they saw the american with a pistol in his hand; and at the door a figure - and no head! the head, sure enough, was there; but it was under the right arm. the face looking from under the arm was pleasantly smiling. both boys screamed. the american shot again. the bullet passed through sir rupert, who didn't notice it.then, suddenly, it was morning. the american was gone.'perhaps you'll believe in the ring now,' said jimmy to lord yalding, whom he met later on in the picture-gallery; 'it's all our doing that mr jefferson saw the ghost. he told us he'd take the house if he saw a ghost, so of course he did see one.''oh, you did, did you?' said lord yalding in rather an odd voice. 'perhaps you'll be interested to learn, mr jefferson d. conway was so pleased with your ghost that he got me out of bed at six o'clock this morning to talk about it.''oh!' said jimmy. 'what did he say?''he said, as far as i can remember,' said lord yalding, in the same strange voice-' he said: "my lord, i like your castle and the park, but i don't like your ancestors. they walk at night with their heads under their arms. i don't mind a ghost that sighs. but a ghost that stands with its head under his arm smiling when bullets go through it - no! if this is a british family ghost, excuse me!" and he went off by the early train.''i am sorry, said jimmy remarked, 'we thought it would be just what you wanted. and perhaps someone else will take the house.''i don't know anyone else rich enough,' said lord yalding.'i say -' jimmy looked up at lord yalding with a new idea. 'if you need money, why don't you sell your jewels?''i haven't any jewels,' said lord yalding and began to walk away.'i mean the ones in the paneled room with the stars in the ceiling,' jimmy insisted, following him.'there aren't any,' said lord yalding shortly; 'and i don't want to hear any of this nonsense.''it's not nonsense,' said mabel, appearing together with mademoiselle. 'you just come and see.''let us see what they want to show us,' said mademoiselle.so they went, mabel and jimmy leading, while made-moiselle and lord yalding followed, hand in hand.