dick turned to her in his half-sleep. 'what's wrong, mary?' he whispered.'go to sleep, dick,' she said. 'it's not morning yet.' and he was soon asleep again.she sat up straight, feeling bitter. he was always there; he never left her in peace. she felt pulled in two different directions, and she tried to go back to that part of her mind where dick did not exist. it had been a choice, between dick and the other, and dick had been destroyed long ago. 'poor dick,' she said to herself, and then she did not think of him again.she got out of bed and stood by the window. the stars were gone, and the sky was colourless and huge. a pink glow spread slowly across the sky and the dark trees rose to meet it. the beauty of the scene filled her with a calm that she had not felt for years. but the night was nearly over. when the sun rose, her moment would be gone and she would lose for ever this peace that now filled her. gradually the insects began to make their morning calls and the dull red ball came up over the fields. the world became small, shut in a room of heat and light. she knew he was out there somewhere, resting against a tree, waiting, his eyes fixed on the house. but it would not be yet. no. she knew she had the whole day in front of her.when dick and the young man had left for work, she returned to her usual position on the sofa. 'what was it all about?' she wondered dully. 'i don't understand. i don't understand!' she saw herself now as others would see her afterwards - an ugly, pitiful woman. 'how did it come to this? the evil is there, i can feel it... i've lived with it for all these years! but what have i done?' what had she done? she felt controlled by things she did not understand, pushed towards the night that she knew would finish her.she looked around at the house. 'it will be killed and swallowed by the trees when we have gone.' she could see the future clearly. first the rats would come - she could already hear them at night on the roof. and then the insects would follow, and settle in the holes in the brick. the rain would beat down endlessly, grass would grow through the floor and the branches of trees would push through the broken windows.she could not stay in the house any longer. she ran outside into the trees. 'i'll find him and it'll all be over.' her body was wet with sweat, and the sound of insects shook the earth all around her. she stopped, breathing hard. lifting her eyes she saw that she was standing in the full sun, a sun that seemed so low she could reach out and touch it. she stretched out her hand, but it brushed against some wet leaves and a huge insect suddenly flew out. with a cry of horror she ran through the long grass back towards the house.she stopped suddenly. a native was standing there. she put her hand to her mouth... but it was not him. the man put a piece of paper in her hand. it said: 'i shall not be back for lunch. too busy. send down tea and sandwiches.'when the native had gone, she thought about dick again. he had been kind to her. suddenly she thought that perhaps he could save her. but she looked out over the fields. no. they knew she was going to die.hours later she woke up. she had slept through her last day. the young man! he would save her. she left the house and walked towards the small building in which he lived. she went in. oh it was so cool, so good! she sat on his bed and put her head in her hands. then she pulled herself up. she must not sleep again. she looked around at the young man's things. and remembered: 'but i haven't been to the shop.' she knew she must go.she stopped in front of the shop. how she hated it! there it was at her death as it had been all her life. she kicked the door. it opened and she looked into the darkness. and there he stood, moses, the black man, looking at her in his lazy way. she gave a little cry and ran back out, but he did not follow her.she returned to the house to wait.'have you finished packing, mary?' asked dick when he came back. 'you know we have to leave tomorrow.''tomorrow!' she said, laughing. dick left the room, his hand covering his face.later, when dick asked her to come to bed, she went to lock the back door and came face to face with moses standing in the darkness. 'he's there!' she said to dick, her voice a whisper. 'he's outside!'dick went outside with a lamp, but he couldn't see anyone.'aren't you getting undressed?' said dick at last in his hopeless, patient voice. she pulled off her clothes and lay awake in bed, looking at the roof.'mary, listen to me. you must see a doctor. you're ill.''of course i'm ill. i've been ill ever since i came to this place.'there was silence and soon dick was asleep. she listened to the night outside and slowly a terror began to fill her. her eyes were alive with light, and against the light she saw a dark, waiting shape. she sat up again. he was in the room, just beside her! but the room was empty. there was nothing. a storm started outside. she heard the thunder in the distance and the lightning lit up the room now and then. she was alone. she was shut inside a small black box, and it seemed to her that a huge black spider was moving across the roof, trying to get in. she was trapped. she knew she would have to go out and meet him. slowly she got up and, full of fear, moved towards the door and stood, looking out.then, as she heard the thunder crash and shake the trees, the sky lit up, and she saw a man's shape move from the dark and come towards her. two yards away, moses stopped. she could see his great shoulders, the shape of his head, his shining eyes. and at the sight of him her feelings suddenly changed, and she was filled with guilt. but she felt she only had to move forward and explain, and the terror would go away. she opened her mouth to speak and, as she did so, saw his hand with something long in it, lifted above his head, and she knew it would be too late. all her past slipped away and when she tried to scream he put his big black hand over her mouth. the trees rushed towards her like animals, and the thunder was the noise of their coming. her last sight of the world as she was pushed against the wall was of his other hand crashing down towards her head. she fell forwards across the floor and lay at his feet.it was beginning to rain. big drops fell on to moses' back, and another dripping sound made him look down at the piece of metal he held. blood was falling from it on to the brick floor. he dropped the weapon suddenly, as if in fear. then he stopped and picked it up again. he turned and walked out on to the steps, put the weapon in his belt and washed his hands in the rain. he seemed to be cleaning himself, preparing to deny knowledge of what had just happened. then he stopped again and looked about him. he pulled out the weapon, looked at it and simply threw it on the floor beside mary.moses turned his back on the house and walked slowly towards the small building where the englishman lived. he stood at the door, looking into the blackness and listening carefully. there was no sound of breathing. he went towards the bed, and there was his enemy, asleep. he looked at him with hatred for a moment, then left him there and returned to the house.standing at the top of the steps, it was too dark to see clearly. he waited for lightning to light up the front of the house and it came. as he looked for one last time on mary's body, he enjoyed his final moment of revenge, a moment so perfect and complete that it made him forget all thoughts of escape. then he walked slowly off through the rain into the bush. after a few hundred yards he stopped, thought for a moment, and sat down beside a tree. he was still there when they came to take him away.