d'artagnan was now a musketeer, and he spent the rest of the day proudly marching up and down in his new uniform. the musketeers had a wonderful lunch with monsieur de treville and then sat down to write the letters to lord de winter and to the queen. it took the four of them quite some time to work out exactly what to write. they had to be careful in case the letters were intercepted by the cardinal's spies.eventually, it was aramis who wrote the letters. the letter to lord de winter warned him about a dangerous relation whose marriage to his brother had been illegal and who was trying to kill him so that she could inherit the family wealth. the letter to the queen warned her that the duke of buckingham was in danger by telling her that aramis had had a dream about his death. when he read these letters to his friends, they all declared themselves satisfied. they could not send the letter directly to the queen but knew that they could write to aramis's friend madame de chevreuse in tours. she would pass on the message to the queen.d'artagnan had sold his diamond ring, so they had plenty of money. they gave some of it to planchet for his trip to england and some of it to bazin for his trip to tours. they told planchet to go to london and give the letter to lord de winter and then return to them at la rochelle. they thought it would take about two weeks to make this trip, and they promised him some more money if he could return within that time. before planchet left, d'artagnan secretly told him to give lord de winter another message."warn the duke of buckingham that there is a plot to kill him."the next day, they gave bazin his letter and sent him to tours. they thought that this trip would take about one week and told him to return within that time. the four musketeers were anxious and worried while the two servants were away. it was difficult for these men of action to wait. a week later, bazin returned with a message from tours which thanked them for their letter."we understand your dreams, but we are sure they will not come true."they had to wait another week for planchet to return. by the end of the week, they were more than anxious and kept their eyes on the road by which they expected planchet to arrive."don't worry," said athos, "i am sure he will keep his promise and arrive today."it was a very long day, but fortunately planchet arrived that evening, and the four musketeers were delighted to see him. he gave d'artagnan a note from lord de winter, which simply said "thank you, and don't worry."planchet promised to tell them all about his adventures the next day, and they all slept well that night.milady had wasted a lot of time on her voyage to england. the ship had only just left the port when she went to the captain and asked him to go back. she decided that she should tell the cardinal what had happened after all. however, the captain would not obey her because he considered it dangerous to be sailing in these waters during the siege. when milady continued to insist, he agreed to put her on shore further up the coast where it was safer. he sailed along the coast, but the winds were unfavorable, and it took nine days to reach one of the ports of brittany. milady calculated that it would take her three days to cross the land and get back to the cardinal, which meant that she had been away for almost two weeks. she decided that the cardinal would be angry with her for wasting so much time and told the captain that he could now take her directly to london. the captain was annoyed at having lost nine days but was happy enough not to lose any more, so he set sail for the coast of england.because of these delays, she did not arrive in portsmouth until the day that planchet was leaving it to return to france, having delivered the musketeers' message to lord de winter. milady looked at all the other ships in the harbor. many of them were warships ready to sail to france, and milady was excited to think that it was her job to stop them by killing their commander, the duke of buckingham. as she stood there, a naval officer came aboard to inspect the passengers. when he saw milady, he asked her to accompany him on his boat and took her and her baggage to shore.when they reached the shore, the young naval officer put her into a carriage and then got in beside her. the carriage drove off quite quickly, and milady became worried."why am i being abducted?" she asked.the young naval officer said nothing and remained silent even when milady asked him again and began to scream for help. she tried to open the door of the carriage and throw herself out, but the carriage was moving too quickly, so she sat still and stared at the silent young naval officer.after an hour, the carriage came to an iron gate and then to a stone castle on a cliff overlooking the sea. milady could hear the sound of the sea beating against the rocky shore. the naval officer led her down a wide passage in the castle and let her into a large room."this is to be your room," he told her.milady looked around and saw that it was a well-furnished room, although it had bars on the windows and locks on the outside of the door. it was definitely intended to be a prison cell for her. three sailors came in, carrying her baggage, and she again questioned the young officer."why am i being kept here?""please don't question me, lady de winter," he replied. "my orders were to bring you here, and i have done that without causing you too much discomfort, i think. i will now hand you over to another person."at that moment, a man came into the room, and milady was surprised to see that it was lord de winter. she turned to him and asked him why he had brought her to the castle."am i your guest or your prisoner?""you are in my home, so you can call it whatever you like. i think we should sit down and talk."he turned to the young naval officer. "thank you, mr. felton. you may leave us."milady was thinking furiously, trying to discover a reason for this unexpected imprisonment by her brother-in-law. she thought that it must be an act of revenge for something she had done in the past and decided to be friendly to her brother-in-law to try and find out what it was. the best way to defend herself, she thought, was to attack, but politely."how did you know i was coming to england and when i would be arriving?"lord de winter, however, had some questions of his own."i would like to know why you came to england at all," he said."i came to see you."lord de winter was not deceived by this answer."you are a very loving sister-in-law!""well, i am your nearest relative.""and my sole heir," added lord de winter. he looked at her and did not continue until he saw that she understood what he meant. then he told her that he knew about her first husband and that he was still alive so that her marriage to lord de winter's brother was illegal. he also knew about the brand on her shoulder.milady was furious. she leapt out of her chair and rushed at him, ready to tear him to pieces with her bare hands. he held her off with his sword and told her what he intended to do."you will never inherit any money from me. in about two weeks, i am going on a ship to la rochelle, and i will take you to portsmouth with me. there, i will put you on a ship, and you will be banished to a foreign country. a man will go with you, and his only duty will be to shoot you if you try to escape or return to england. until then, you will stay in this room, and you will discover that it is useless to try and escape."he called felton back and told him to watch this young and beautiful but very dangerous woman carefully."it is very important that she does not escape," he said.back in la rochelle, the cardinal was worried because he was expecting news from england but did not receive any. as the days went by, his worry grew stronger. the siege of la rochelle was going well. the population of the city was slowly starving to death. the authorities there had already put down a number of rebellions and executed their leaders. messengers were being sent to the duke of buckingham almost every day, asking him to send assistance, but the messengers were all caught by the french musketeers and guards and were killed.the cardinal waited. where was milady? why had she not sent him a message? just as the cardinal thought the rochellese were about to surrender, a messenger got through to them and told them that the duke of buckingham had a fleet of ships that were about to sail to france to save them and that austria and spain were also ready to fight against france. the citizens of la rochelle decided not to surrender but to wait for their allies to save them.chapter twenty onemilady and mr. feltonaramis received a letter from his friend in tours, telling him that constance bonacieux was being kept safely at the convent in bethune. d'artagnan was delighted to hear this news, but he was worried because the musketeers had heard the cardinal tell milady to go to that very same convent when she had finished her work in england. as the four comrades were reading the letter near the beach, the cardinal rode by and saw them. he stopped and asked them about the letter. athos very bravely told the cardinal that it was a letter from a woman and that he did not want to speak about it. when the cardinal insisted, athos continued to refuse. the other musketeers could not believe that athos was defying the cardinal. the cardinal looked angry and almost had the musketeers imprisoned for their rude behavior, but in the end, he decided to let them go. as soon as he had left them, the musketeers decided to destroy the letter and made athos's servant, grimaud, eat it. the cardinal would never find it now! the cardinal, meanwhile, rode on, talking to himself."those are brave men, and i must have them on my side!"in lord de winter's house, milady sat on a chair and realized that she did not know what to do. for the first time in her life, she was really frightened. she couldn't stop thinking about d'artagnan. she wanted him dead because he had tricked her and discovered her secret. she was sure that he had somehow written a letter to lord de winter and was therefore responsible for her imprisonment in his castle. she hated him. she hated madame bonacieux, and she hated the duke of buckingham.she had to escape, and she had to do it soon because lord de winter had said that he would send her to australia in about two weeks. with hatred and revenge in her heart, she sat down and began to think about how she might escape, kill the duke of buckingham, and take her revenge on madame bonacieux and d'artagnan. she wondered what weapons she could use to attempt an escape, but it was not until she looked in the mirror and saw her own face that she regained confidence in her best weapon - her beauty!that evening, she waited for the guards to bring her some food. when she heard them approaching the room, she threw herself onto a chair and pretended that she had fainted. felton and one of the guards came into the room and put the food on the tablebefore noticing that she was ill. felton didn't know what to do and told the guard to tell lord de winter that his prisoner was ill. he sat down and waited while the guard was away. as soon as milady realized that she was alone with felton, she moaned. he turned to look at her and told her that he was pleased she was awake and would now leave her to eat her supper.milady groaned again and softly said "oh, where am i? have i been ill?"felton ignored her questions but told her that she would have three meals a day delivered to her room and that she could have a woman from the village for company if she chose. then lord de winter arrived and guessed immediately that milady had been pretending to be ill. he laughed at her and warned felton not to be deceived by her tricks or by her beauty. felton assured his master that he would not allow a woman to lead him astray. lord de winter led felton out of the room, laughing cheerfully and wondering what milady's next trick would be.milady was furious and hissed at them like a snake. she was determined to find a way of escape.the next morning, the woman from the village came to visit her, and milady told her that she was sick. the woman asked whether she should call a doctor, but milady said that this would be of no use because the gentlemen did not believe that she was ill. felton came into the room, and milady began to cry and told him that she did not care whether or not they called a doctor. felton looked undecided for a moment and then turned and left the room. milady was pleased because she thought that she had made him feel some pity for her for a moment.a few hours later, felton returned with a religious book that he said lord de winter wanted her to have because he was a catholic like herself. the way in which he said this made milady realize that felton was not a catholic but a puritan like the people of la rochelle, and from that moment, she pretended to be a puritan, too. she could see that this surprised and impressed felton. she began to accuse lord de winter of persecuting her because of her religion. she had learned some puritan prayers and hymns from one of her servants in paris, and now she began to pray and sing whenever she knew felton was near the room. she sang beautifully. one of the guards told her to stop, but she heard felton tell him that he was not to stop her from singing. milady was triumphant because at last, she was beginning to have an effect on felton.during the next few days, milady continued to pray and sing and draw felton into her trap. he began to believe that his master was cruel, and when milady told him that she was planning to kill herself, he finally agreed to listen to the story of her life. milady had to work fast because lord de winter had returned to her room and told her that the order for her to be deported to a foreign country had been written and only needed the duke of buckingham's signature. it would be signed in a few days, and he would send her away.felton told milady that no true christian could take his or her own life, but he agreed to bring her a knife. when he returned with the knife, she looked at it and gave it back to him. then she told him that the duke of buckingham had tried to make her change her religion, but when she refused, he drugged her wine and imprisoned her.felton was outraged. "did he-?""yes, i am sure that he did," replied milady. "he kept me imprisoned for several days, and every night he-!"she put her hand over her mouth and remained silent for a few moments, while felton urged her to continue. she told her story so well that felton became more and more furious. she watched him carefully as she continued to tell him about the duke of buckingham's terrible behavior."eventually, he promised to let me go if i promised never to tell anyone what he had done to me. i told him that no puritan could make such a promise and that i would tell everybody. he said that if i would not promise, he would have me branded like a common thief and that nobody would believe my story. the next day, he came back and carried out his threat. look, felton! see what he did!"she revealed the brand mark on her shoulder, and felton groaned. he was completely fooled by her lies. he hated the duke of buckingham more than he had ever hated anyone or anything in the world."you are so young and beautiful, and he did this to you!" he exclaimed. "he is an evil monster!"he covered her hand in kisses, and she smiled. she knew that she had won. she continued her lies and told him that the duke of buckingham was responsible for the death of her husband, lord de winter's brother, and that lord de winter was only doing what the duke of buckingham wanted him to do because the duke did not want to see her again."they are going to deport me in a few days' time, and i will never be able to return to england," she said and began to cry. "let me die!" she cried."no," he said. "you must live in honor, and you must be avenged."she seized the knife and stabbed herself, making sure that the knife did not enter her body too deeply. her dress tore, she began to bleed, and she fell to the floor.lord de winter came in and saw her on the floor, but he knew that it was a trick and ordered felton to leave the room.felton hid the knife under his coat as he left.chapter twenty twoassassination!the next morning, milady waited for felton to come to her room, but her breakfast was brought by different guards. felton was not with them, and they told her that he had left the castle an hour earlier. milady thought that she had failed. she thought that felton must have told his master her story about the duke of buckingham and that lord de winter had sent him away. she was alone in the room until evening, when lord de winter came to talk to her."you were beginning to affect poor felton," he told her, "but i have forbidden him to see you again. tomorrow, you will leave this room, and i will put you on a ship. i have told the guards to shoot you if you speak to anyone, and the captain will throw you into the sea if you speak to anyone without his permission."when he had gone, milady looked at her ring, which contained a very strong poison. she began to wonder if she should use it on herself. then she heard somebody tapping on the window and turned to see felton looking in at her. he was sawing at the bars. it took him an hour to saw through them, and then he tapped again. milady climbed out of the window, and felton helped her to climb down the rope ladder which he had used to get up to her window. milady was so frightened that she fainted, but felton got her safely down and carried her to the beach and onto a small boat with four men in it. the four men rowed the boat to a ship, where milady and felton went aboard."this ship will take you anywhere you want to go," he told her, "but you must take me to portsmouth first. lord de winter ordered me to go there and have the duke of buckingham sign your deportation order. i have to hurry because he is leaving for la rochelle tomorrow."the ship set sail at once. by seven o'clock the next morning, it was anchored in portsmouth, and felton went to see the duke of buckingham. the captain agreed to wait until evening for him to return so that he could escape to france with milady. he kissed milady's hand before he was rowed to the shore in a small boat. when he stepped off the boat, he turned and waved to milady again. then he walked quickly into the city to find the duke of buckingham's home. as he walked along, he thought about all the terrible things that the duke of buckingham had done in england and about the way he had treated milady. he grew more and more angry and touched the knife that was hidden under his coat.even at this early hour of the morning, the streets of portsmouth were very busy because all the soldiers were preparing to go onto the ships and sail to la rochelle to fight against the french. felton went straight to the admiralty office where the duke of buckingham would be. he told the guards that he had an urgent letter from lord de winter, and they let him though the gates. another messenger arrived at the same time and also demanded to see the duke of buckingham. felton was called first. a guard took him up some stairs and into a large reception hall. from there, he was taken into the duke of buckingham's private office and saw the duke. he gave him the deportation order and began to talk to him about it. the duke was surprised that a servant would dare to ask him so many questions. felton grew bolder and began to accuse the duke of many crimes against england and against milady. the duke was furious and was about to ring for his servants to take felton away. felton, however, stood between him and the bell and demanded that the duke sign a document to release milady. at that moment, a servant came into the room crying, "a letter from france!"felton jumped at the duke of buckingham and drove the knife into his side. then he ran out of the room and down the stairs. he did not run any further, however, because there he met lord de winter, who, seeing him with the knife in his hand and blood on his clothes, realized that he was too late to save the duke of buckingham."what a fool i am!" he exclaimed. he seized felton and handed him over to the guards, who took him away. lord de winter rushed into the duke of buckingham's private office, where he saw the duke lying on a couch and trying to stop the flow of blood from his wound. the other messenger also came into the room, saying he had a message from anne of austria, queen of france. the duke of buckingham insisted on hearing this message. the queen said that she still loved him and that he should be careful because there was a plot to kill him. the duke of buckingham was pleased to hear the message, although it came too late. he smiled. then he fell from the couch and died.lord de winter rushed out to felton, crying, "what have you done, you fool? you've assassinated the duke of buckingham!"felton began to tell him lies about the reason for the murder because he wanted to protect milady. however, just at that moment, he looked out of the window and saw his ship sailing away. it had not waited for him! he realized that he had been tricked by milady and did not resist when the guards dragged him away and put him in a cell.as soon as the king of england heard that the duke of buckingham was dead, he stopped all ships sailing out of portsmouth, but it was too late to stop milady. her ship had already sailed. one other ship sailed, and we shall hear more about that later.meanwhile, the king of france was growing bored at la rochelle because nothing was happening. he decided to return to paris for a while, and some of the musketeers went with him, including our four comrades, who were very pleased to be returning to paris. they wanted to rescue constance bonacieux. their last message from the queen had told them that she was being kept safely in a convent at bethune, but they had also heard the cardinal tell milady to go to that very same convent when she had done her work in england. aramis had written to his friend again, and they now had an authority to remove madame bonacieux from the convent.when they all arrived in paris, the king allowed monsieur de treville to give his musketeers six days' leave. d'artagnan thought it would be very easy to rescue madame bonacieux on his own with planchet and tried to convince his three companions to stay in paris. however, they would not hear of it."milady might be there before you, and then we will all need to be there," they said, "because you cannot beat her on your own."the four musketeers left paris as soon as they could and rode to arras, where they stopped to drink a quick glass of wine. d'artagnan saw a man ride away from the inn and recognized the man from meung. he wanted to get back on his horse and pursue him, but his friends stopped him. athos explained that their horses were tired, and they would never catch him. moreover, he was going in the opposite direction, so they would only be creating an unnecessary delay on their trip to bethune. d'artagnan reluctantly agreed. then he saw a piece of paper lying on the ground. perhaps the stranger from meung had dropped it, so he picked it up. it had just one word written on it- "armentieres."none of them knew where armentieres was, but athos recognized milady's handwriting. they got back onto their horses and galloped off in the direction of bethune.chapter twenty threemadame bonacieuxmilady was very pleased with herself because she had done everything the cardinal wanted her to do without anyone suspecting that she was involved in the plot, and she had done it all while she was imprisoned by lord de winter.the ship carrying milady arrived safely in france, and she immediately wrote a letter to the cardinal."be assured that the duke of buckingham will not leave england. i am going to the convent at bethune, as we agreed, and i will wait there to hear from you."she stayed at an inn that night and set out for bethune early the next morning, arriving there at about eight o'clock. she went straight to the mother superior, who gave her a room and some breakfast.it did not take long for her to discover that madame bonacieux was in the convent with her, and she arranged to meet with her as soon as possible. constance bonacieux had never met milady and was surprised to discover that she knew monsieur de treville and the four musketeers. she was worried that milady might love d'artagnan, but milady laughed at this suggestion and told constance that she did not need to worry."d'artagnan loves you," she said, "and has been searching for you after you were kidnapped. he is very anxious to find you. i am so pleased to meet you."poor constance bonacieux was completely fooled by milady's lies and hugged her."i am so happy to meet somebody who knows him," she said. "i love him very much! i have been very unhappy, but to be unhappy about him is to be happy! but he is coming here tomorrow or perhaps even today."milady could hardly believe her ears!"d'artagnan? today? how?"constance trusted her so completely that she showed her a letter that she had received from madame de chevreuse, telling her that the musketeers were on their way to remove her from the convent. milady was so surprised that she almost fainted.then they heard a horse approaching the convent. madame bonacieux hoped it was d'artagnan already and was very excited. she looked out of the window and saw that it was not him. she described the man to milady, who recovered quickly from her faint and stood up. the mother superior came to the room and told milady that a gentleman had come to see her. constance left the room, and the visitor arrived. it was count de rochefort, the man from meung, the cardinal's private spy.the two friends of the cardinal quickly exchanged their news, and count de rochefort was surprised and delighted to hear that milady had found madame bonacieux and that she trusted milady like a true friend. milady also complained about the musketeers, telling count de rochefort about athos's visit and how he took the note she had from the cardinal.milady told count de rochefort to go back to the cardinal and tell him what she had discovered about the musketeers and about madame bonacieux. however, she did not want to stay at the convent because she would not be able to fight against all four of the musketeers. count de rochefort pointed out that if she left the convent, madame bonacieux would be taken away by the musketeers."don't worry about that," said milady. "i will take care of her. remember, she trusts me like a true friend. come back to me when you have seen the cardinal and tell me what he wants me to do next. before you go, organize a carriage to take me awayfrom here. i will go to a small town called armentieres. it's on the river, and i only have to cross the river to be out of the country. when you return, you will find me there."count de rochefort did not know where armentieres was and was worried that he might forget the name, so milady wrote it down on a piece of paper for him, and an hour later, he galloped out of bethune. this was the piece of paper that d'artagnan found at arras. milady went back to constance bonacieux and told her that count de rochefort had seen some of the cardinal's guards dressed as musketeers coming toward the convent. he thought they were coming to take madame bonacieux back to paris. constance bonacieux was very worried and asked what she should do. milady convinced her to come with her in her carriage."we won't go very far away," she said, "in case the musketeers do arrive. i will send the carriage driver back here to watch for their arrival. if they come, he will come and tell us. we can trust him."the carriage arrived soon after that, but milady was not ready to leave yet. she and constance were just having something to eat, and she thought it best that they finish their meal first. while they were eating, they heard horses arriving at the convent. constance wondered whether these were the cardinal's guards or the musketeers. milady watched at the window. when she saw d'artagnan, followed by his three companions and then the four servants, she cried out in anger."it's the cardinal's guards!" she told madame bonacieux. "come with me. we can escape through the garden. the carriage driver knows where to pick us up."madame bonacieux, however, was so frightened that she fell to her knees. "i can't move," she cried. "save yourself, and forget about me."a light of anger flashed in milady's eyes. she went to the table and picked up a glass of wine. she took the stone from her ring and dropped a small tablet from under it into the wine. then she held the wine to madame bonacieux's lips and told her to drink it."it will make you feel better and give you strength," she said.constance bonacieux drank.milady smiled. "this was not how i expected to get revenge," she told herself, "but it is better than nothing." then she turned and fled from the room.madame bonacieux heard knocking on the gates of the convent. she felt ill and could not move. a few moments later, she heard d'artagnan's voice shouting, "where are you, constance?"chapter twenty fourpunishment and rewardconstance bonacieux was dying of the poison that milady had put into her wine, but she did not know it. she called out to d'artagnan, and he broke down the door. he and the other musketeers rushed in and found her lying on the floor. they put her on the bed. constance told d'artagnan what had happened and that her good friend had escaped. athos asked her who had poured the wine for her."lady de winter," said constance. "she is my friend who has just escaped."all the musketeers cried out in horror. d'artagnan picked her up, and she kissed him. he felt her breath on his cheek, but it was her last breath. madame bonacieux was dead. he put her on the bed and fell down beside her.at that moment, a man appeared in the doorway, and the musketeers turned to look at him. he said that he was looking for a particular woman, and that he thought that they might be looking for the same woman. they did not recognize him at first, so he introduced himself."i am lord de winter," he said, "and i am looking for my sister-in-law, lady de winter."athos shook his hand, welcomed him, and invited him to join them in their hunt."i left portsmouth just after she did," said lord de winter. "i didn't know where she was going, but i saw you galloping by and recognized d'artagnan, so i decided to follow you. i think this dead girl tells me that lady de winter has been here recently."d'artagnan had fainted beside his dead friend, but now he woke up and began to cry. athos wanted to help him and said, "be a man, d'artagnan. only women cry for the dead. men take revenge!"d'artagnan stopped crying, and a look of hatred came into his eyes. "i will give my life to have revenge on that woman," he said.lord de winter, the four musketeers, and their servants left the convent and walked their horses to the nearest town, where athos said they should stay at the inn. the others did not agree and wanted to pursue milady and find her. however, athos told them not to worry. he reminded them about that piece of paper. "that is where she is," he said. then he told all of them that he was her husband. d'artagnan already knew this, but the other musketeers and lord de winter were shocked. they also understood that he was very sure of having revenge. otherwise, he would never have told them this secret.late that night, athos called the four servants to him and gave them some instructions. then he went to visit a man in the town. this man lived in a very dark house at the end of a dark road. athos asked him to do something, and the man shook his head to say that he would not do it. then athos showed him a piece of paper. it was the note that the cardinal had written and that athos had taken from milady at the red dovecote. the man then agreed to do what athos asked, and athos returned to the inn.the next morning, d'artagnan was awake early and wanted to go to armentieres immediately, but athos told him to wait. first, there was the funeral for constance bonacieux, which the musketeers and lord de winter attended. it was a very sad funeral.during this time, however, planchet had been busy. he had gone to armentieres and discovered that a lady had arrived the previous evening and was staying at the only inn. the innkeeper told him that she intended to stay in the area for quite a while. after the funeral, he told the musketeers what he had discovered. they asked athos what they should do next, and he told them to wait.it was eight o'clock that night before he told them to get their horses ready. they were ready in an instant, but still they had to wait."i am waiting for somebody," said athos, "but he is not here yet, so i will go and get him. wait here."the others all looked at each other in surprise. who could this person be? when athos returned, he was accompanied by a man in a mask and a long red coat. athos did not tell them who he was, and they did not ask him. by nine o'clock, the group of horsemen was riding out of the town toward armentieres.it was a dark and stormy night. there was no moon, although flashes of lightning lit the road with bright light from time to time. porthos tried to speak to the stranger, but he would not speak. aramis and lord de winter tried, too, but nobody could make him speak. the storm got worse. there was thunder, and the wind became very strong. shortly afterward, it began to rain heavily. d'artagnan enjoyed the rain on his body. he felt that it was washing him.as they came close to armentieres, a man stepped out of the bushes. it was grimaud, and he told them that milady had left the town and gone down another road to the river. she was about one mile away in a small cottage. they went along the road toward the river and arrived at a small village. another man stepped onto the road. it was mousqueton, and he showed them the cottage that milady had entered.athos went to a window where he could see a light. he climbed up and looked in over the curtain, and saw milady sitting in a chair near the fire, with her face in her hands. one of the horses made a noise, and milady looked up and saw his face. she cried out in terror. athos pressed against the window until it broke, and then he leapt into the room. milady jumped up and ran to the door, but when she opened it, she saw d'artagnan standing there with a gun in his hand. she shrank back into the room. athos told d'artagnan to put his gun away."this woman has to be tried, not murdered!" he said. "come in, all of you!"the other musketeers, lord de winter, and the masked man all entered the small cottage."what do you want?" screamed milady."we are going to try you for your crimes," said athos, "and you can defend yourself and try to prove that you are innocent."each of the men accused her of a crime. d'artagnan accused her of poisoning constance bonacieux, and porthos and aramis said they witnessed it.then lord de winter accused her of having murdered the duke of buckingham. all the others were shocked to hear that the duke of buckingham had been murdered. he said that she was also responsible for the death of felton, who would be hanged for stabbing the duke of buckingham, and that she was probably responsible for the death of his brother, whom she had killed to get his inheritance."however," he added, "i cannot prove this."athos accused her of marrying him under false pretences, to get his money.then the masked man came forward, took off his mask, and told his story. even athos was surprised. he said that he was the executioner of lille. he had known this woman when she was a young girl living in a convent. she had become friends with a young priest. together they had stolen some money from the convent and run away. they had been caught, but she managed to become friendly with the jailer's son and escaped. her friend was found guilty and was branded."it was my job to brand him," said the man, "and he was my own brother! i chased this woman and found her. i branded her with the same iron. when i returned home, my brother had escaped, and the law kept me in prison until he returned. he did not return for a long time. when he heard that i was in prison because of him, he gave himself up, and i was released. the next day, he killed himself."d'artagnan and lord de winter demanded death as the punishment for this evil woman. porthos and aramis agreed, and athos gave the judgment. the executioner took hold of her and walked her out of the house. they all walked toward the river, leaving the empty house with its broken window, its open door, and the light of the fire flickering on the walls.at the river, the executioner tied milady's hands and feet.athos approached her. "i forgive you for wrecking my life. die in peace."lord de winter approached her. "i forgive you for murdering my brother, for murdering the duke of buckingham, causing the death of felton, and trying to kill me. die in peace."d'artagnan approached her. "forgive me for making you hate me. i wronged you when i pretended to be count de wardes. i forgive you for murdering constance bonacieux. die in peace."the executioner put her in a small boat and rowed across the river. the others stayed and prayed on the river bank. when the boat reached the other side of the river, milady tried to escape, but the executioner caught her easily and killed her with a sword. he put her body back into the boat and began to row back. he stopped in the middle of the river and threw the body into the water.the musketeers returned to paris and reported to monsieur de treville."did you enjoy your leave?" he asked them."yes," said athos, "we did."the king was about to return to la rochelle, and the musketeers had to accompany him. on the way, d'artagnan was sitting in an inn when a man approached him with his sword drawn. it was the man from meung, rochefort, who arrested d'artagnan and took him to the cardinal. the cardinal told d'artagnan that he had committed crimes against france by trying to help the duke of buckingham. d'artagnan knew that this must be the result of a letter from milady before she died."these charges have been brought against me by a woman who is a branded thief, who married one man in france and another in england, who poisoned her second husband, and tried to poison me. the woman i mean is lady de winter."he told the cardinal what had happened in the last few days, and the cardinal was astonished. he told d'artagnan that he would have to stand trial for murdering lady de winter, but d'artagnan took out the written permission that athos had taken from milady. "i have a pardon in my pocket," he said.the cardinal looked at the writing on the paper. he looked very serious. then he looked up at d'artagnan and saw his open, honest face and saw the tears on his cheeks. he realized how much this young man had suffered in the last month and thought about the potential he had as a soldier. he decided to offer d'artagnan a lieutenant's position in the guards. d'artagnan was so surprised that he fell to his knees in gratitude. then the cardinal called in count de rochefort and made him shake hands with d'artagnan.d'artagnan went back to his companions and told them what the cardinal had done. they were all very pleased.a year after the duke of buckingham's death, the town of la rochelle surrendered. d'artagnan became a lieutenant in the cardinal's guards. porthos left the army and married madame coquenard, whose husband had died. aramis became a monk. athos stayed in the army a little longer, but then he took back his title of count de fere and went to live in the country. d'artagnan fought three duels with count de rochefort and wounded him three times. then they decided to become friends.