ursula nodded her head once, and burst into tears again. caroline put her arm around the girl. 'my dear,' she said soothingly, 'it will be all right. everything will be all right.'hidden under her love of gossip there is a lot of kindness in caroline and soon ursula sat up and wiped away her tears. 'this is very weak and silly of me,' she said.'no, no, my child,' said poirot kindly. 'we all understand the strain of this last week.''and then to discover that you knew,' continued ursula. 'how did you know? was it ralph who told you?'poirot shook his head.'you know what brought me to you,' she went on. 'this-' she held out a newspaper. 'it says that ralph has been arrested. so everything i've done is useless. i don't have to pretend any longer.''newspaper reports are not always true, mademoiselle,' murmured poirot. 'all the same, the truth is what we need now. now listen, i do truly believe that your husband is innocent - but if i am to save him, i must know all there is to know - even if it does seem to make the case against him stronger than before.''how well you understand,' said ursula.'so you will tell me the whole story, will you not? from the beginning.''what i want to know,' caroline said, 'is why this child was pretending to be a parlourmaid? why did you do it? for a joke?''to earn money,' said ursula quietly.ursula bourne, it seemed, was one of a family of seven children, and her parents had lost all their money. ursula's eldest sister was married to a captain folliott. ursula was determined to earn her living and disliked the idea of being a nursery governess - one of the few professions open to untrained girls. ursula preferred to get a job as a parlourmaid. it was her sister who had written a reference for her. at fernly, despite some comment about her obviously good education, she was a success at her job.'i enjoyed the work,' she explained. 'and i had plenty of time to myself.'and then came her meeting with ralph paton, and the love affair which ended in a secret marriage. ralph had persuaded her into that. he had said that his stepfather would never let him marry a girl who had no money. ralph had said that he would find a job and then, when he was earning enough money to support her, they would tell ackroyd. he hoped however, that this might not be necessary. he hoped that his stepfather might still be persuaded to pay his debts. but when ackroyd learned how much money ralph owed, he became extremely angry and refused to help his stepson in any way.some months passed, and then ralph was ordered to come to fernly. it was now roger ackroyd's greatest wish that ralph should marry flora, and he told the young man that this was what he wanted. as always, ralph took the easy way and agreed that he would ask flora to marry him.neither flora nor ralph pretended that they loved one another. it was, on both sides, a business arrangement. roger ackroyd told them what he wanted and they agreed. ralph was not the kind of young man who thought about the future, and i believe that he thought the engagement to flora could be ended after a few months. both flora and ralph got ackroyd to agree that it should be kept a secret for a month or two. ralph, of course, was anxious to hide it from ursula. he felt that her strong and honest nature would not agree to such lies.then came the moment when roger ackroyd, always determined to be in control, decided to announce the engagement. he said nothing of his intention to ralph - only to flora, and flora didn't object. ursula was shocked by the news. she wrote to ralph, demanding that he come down from london to see her. they met in the woods, where some of their conversation was heard by my sister. ralph implored ursula to keep silent for a little while longer. but ursula was determined to tell mr ackroyd the truth immediately. husband and wife parted in anger.ursula asked for a meeting with roger ackroyd that same afternoon, and told him of the marriage. their meeting was an angry one - and it might have been even worse if ackroyd hadn't already been obsessed with his own troubles. it was bad enough, however. unforgivable things were said by both of them.that evening ursula met ralph by the goldfish pond, going out secretly from the house by the side door in order to do so. ralph said that ursula had ruined his life by telling the truth to his stepfather. it was quite possible that ackroyd would change his will and disinherit ralph. ursula, hurt and angry, told ralph that she hated the way he had behaved.they parted, still angry with one another, and ursula, in despair, had thrown her wedding ring into the pond. a little over half an hour later came the discovery of roger ackroyd's body. since that night ursula had neither seen nor heard from ralph.what a damaging series of facts this story was. i knew ackroyd well enough: he would definitely have changed his will if he had lived. his death came at just the right time for ralph and ursula paton. no wonder the girl had kept silent, and played her part so well.my thoughts were interrupted by poirot speaking. 'mademoiselle, i must ask you one question, and on it everything may depend: what time was it when you parted from captain ralph paton?''it was half-past nine when i went out to meet him. major blunt was walking up and down the terrace, so i had to go around the bushes to avoid him. i must have reached ralph at about twenty-seven minutes to ten. i was with him ten minutes, for it was a quarter to ten when i got back to the house.''mademoiselle, what did you do when you got back to the house?''i went up to my room.''is there anyone who can prove that?''prove? that i was in my room? oh! no. but surely - oh! i see, they might think - they might think-' i saw the horror in her eyes.poirot finished the sentence for her. 'that it was you who entered by the window and stabbed mr ackroyd as he sat in his chair? yes.''nobody but a fool would think any such thing,' said caroline angrily. she patted ursula on the shoulder.'horrible,' the girl was murmuring. 'horrible. i see now. if ralph heard of his stepfather's murder, he might think that i had done it.''now, mademoiselle,' poirot said quickly, 'do not worry. be brave and trust hercule poirot.'chapter twenty onepoirot's little reunion'and now,' said caroline, getting up from her chair, 'ursula is coming upstairs to lie down. don't you worry, my dear. monsieur poirot will do everything he can for you - be sure of that.''so far, so good,' poirot said when they had gone. 'things are becoming clearer.''they're looking blacker and blacker against ralph paton,' i said.'yes, that is so. but it was to be expected, was it not?'i looked at him, confused by the remark. suddenly he sighed and shook his head.'there are moments when i really miss my friend hastings. always, when i had a big case, he was by my side. and he helped me - yes, he often helped me. for he had an ability to discover the truth without realizing it. at times he would say something particularly foolish, and yet that foolish remark would reveal the truth to me! and it was his habit to keep a written record of the cases that proved interesting.'i gave a slightly embarrassed cough. 'as a matter of fact, i've read some of captain hasting's work, and i thought, why not try doing something of the same myself?'poirot sprang from his chair. i had a moment's terror that he was going to embrace me in the french fashion by kissing me on both cheeks, but thankfully he didn't.'but this is magnificent - you have written down your thoughts on the case as you went along?'i nodded.'let me see them - this instant,' cried poirot.'i hope you won't mind,' i said. 'i may have been a little personal now and then.''oh! i understand perfectly; you have written that i am ridiculous now and then? it matters not at all. hastings, he also was not always polite.'hoping that what i had written would be published one day in the future, i had divided the work into chapters. poirot had therefore twenty chapters to read. still doubtful, but knowing that i had to go out to a patient some distance away, i gave the pages to him and went out.it was after eight o'clock when i got back. caroline brought me a hot dinner on a tray. she told me that she had eaten with poirot at seven thirty, and that poirot had then gone to my workshop to finish reading my manuscript.'i hope, james,' said my sister, 'that you've been careful in what you say about me in it?'i had not been careful at all, i thought, dismayed.'not that it matters very much,' said caroline, reading the expression on my face correctly. 'monsieur poirot will know what to think. he understands me much better than you do.'i went into the workshop. poirot was sitting by the window. 'i congratulate you. you have recorded all the facts faithfully and exactly.''and has it helped you?''yes. considerably. come, we must go and set the stage for my little performance.'caroline was in the hall. i think she wanted to be invited to come with us.'i would have asked you to come if i could, mademoiselle,' poirot said regretfully, 'but it would not be wise. you see, all these people tonight are suspects. among them, i will find the person who killed mr ackroyd.''you really believe that?' i said, amazed.'i see that you do not yet appreciate hercule poirot for his true worth,' poirot replied.at that minute ursula came down the stairs.'you are ready, my child?' said poirot. 'that is good. we will go to my house together. mademoiselle caroline, believe me, i will do everything possible to do things as you would wish them to be done. good evening.'we left. caroline, looking as sad as a dog that has been refused a walk, stood on the front door step watching us go.***at the larches, poirot moved about quickly, rearranging the lighting. the lamps were placed to throw a clear light on the side of the room where poirot had grouped the chairs, leaving the other end of the room in a dim light. soon, a bell was heard.'they are here,' said poirot. 'good, all is ready.'the door opened and the people from fernly came in. poirot went forward and welcomed mrs ackroyd and flora. 'it is most good of you to come,' he said. 'and major blunt and mr raymond.'the secretary was smiling easily. 'so what's the great idea?' he said, laughing. 'some scientific machine? do we have bands round our wrists which register guilty heartbeats?''i am old-fashioned. i use the old methods,' admitted poirot. 'i work only with the little grey cells. now let us begin - but first i have an announcement to make.'he took ursula's hand. 'this lady is mrs ralph paton. she was married to captain paton last march.'a little scream burst from mrs ackroyd. 'ralph! married! married to bourne? really, monsieur, i don't believe you.'ursula's face reddened and she began to speak, but flora stopped her. going quickly to the other girl's side, she put her arm through ursula's. 'i must apologize for our surprise,' she said. 'we had no idea! you and ralph have kept your secret very well. but i am very happy about it.''you are very kind, miss ackroyd,' said ursula in a low voice. 'ralph behaved very badly to you.''you needn't worry about that,' said flora. 'ralph was in trouble and took the only way out. i would probably have done the same in his place. he should have told me the secret, though. i wouldn't have betrayed him.'poirot made a sound.'the meeting's going to begin,' said flora. 'but just tell me one thing. where is ralph? you must know if anyone does.''but i don't,' cried ursula.'isn't he detained in liverpool?' asked raymond.'he is not in liverpool,' said poirot shortly.'in fact,' i remarked, 'no one knows where he is.''except hercule poirot, eh?' said raymond.poirot replied seriously, 'me, i know everything. remember that.'at a gesture from him, everyone took their seats. as they did so, the door opened once more and two more people came in and sat down near the door. parker and miss russell.'the number is complete,' said poirot. there was satisfaction in his voice. 'and every one of you had the opportunity to kill mr ackroyd...'with a cry, mrs ackroyd sprang up.'i don't like this,' she cried. 'i would much prefer to go home.''you cannot go home, madame,' said poirot, 'until you have heard what i have to say.'he paused a moment, then said, 'ralph paton and ursula bourne had the strongest motive for wishing mr ackroyd dead. but it could not have been ralph paton who was with mr ackroyd in the study at nine-thirty. ralph paton was with his wife. so who was it in the room with mr ackroyd at nine- thirty? and now i ask my cleverest question: was anyone with him?'raymond did not seem impressed. 'i don't know if you're trying to suggest i'm a liar, monsieur poirot, but remember, major blunt also heard mr ackroyd talking to someone. he was on the terrace outside, and he heard the voices.'poirot nodded. 'i have not forgotten. but major blunt thought that it was you mr ackroyd was speaking to and there must have been some reason for him to think so. from the beginning of the case i have been struck by one thing - the words which mr raymond overheard. it has been amazing to me that no one has seen anything strange about them.'he paused a minute, and then quoted softly, '"... there have been so many demands on my financial resources recently, that i cannot agree to your request..." does nothing strike you as strange about that?''i don't think so,' said raymond. 'he has frequently dictated letters to me, using almost exactly those same words.''exactly,' cried poirot. 'would any man use such a phrase in talking to another? now, if he had been dictating a letter-''you mean he was reading a letter aloud?' asked raymond. 'surely a man wouldn't read letters of that type aloud to himself?''you have all forgotten one thing,' said poirot softly, 'the stranger who called at the house the wednesday before.''the dictaphone company,' gasped raymond. 'a dictaphone. that's what you think?'poirot nodded. 'i contacted the company. their reply is that mr ackroyd did purchase a dictaphone. why he hid the matter from you, i do not know.''he must have intended to surprise me with it,' murmured raymond. 'he loved to surprise people. he was probably playing with it like a new toy. yes, it fits in.''it explains, too,' said poirot, 'why major blunt thought it was you who was in the study.''all the same,' raymond said, 'this discovery of yours, brilliant though it is, doesn't change anything. mr ackroyd was alive at nine-thirty, since he was speaking into the dictaphone. as to ralph paton...?'he hesitated, glancing at ursula. 'it isn't that i doubt your story for a moment. i've always been sure captain paton was innocent. but he is in a most unfortunate position; if he would come forward...'poirot interrupted. 'that is your advice, yes? that he should come forward?''certainly. if you know where he is...''not very far away,' said poirot, smiling. 'he is - there!'he pointed dramatically. everyone's head turned. ralph paton was standing in the doorway.chapter twenty tworalph paton's storyit was a very uncomfortable minute for me. i hardly took in what happened next, but when i was sufficiently in control of myself to realize what was going on, ralph paton was standing by his wife, smiling across the room at me. poirot, too, was smiling, and at the same time shaking a finger at me. 'have i not told you many times that it is useless to conceal things from hercule poirot?' he demanded. 'that he always finds these things out?'he turned to the others. 'one day, you remember, i accused five persons of concealing something from me. four of them told me their secret. dr sheppard did not.''i suppose i might as well explain things now,' i said. 'i had been to see ralph that afternoon. he told me about his marriage, and the trouble he was in. as soon as the murder was discovered, i realized that suspicion would fall on ralph - or on the girl he loved. that night i told him the facts. the thought of having to give evidence which might incriminate his wife made him decide at all costs to - to-'i hesitated, and ralph spoke up. 'to disappear,' he said.ursula took her hand from his, and stepped back. 'you thought that, ralph! you actually thought that i might have killed your stepfather?''let us return to the behaviour of dr sheppard,' said poirot drily. 'dr sheppard was successful in hiding captain paton from the police.''where?' asked raymond.'you should ask yourself the question that i did. if the doctor is concealing the young man, what place would he choose? it must be nearby. i think of a hotel? no. where, then? ah! i have it. a nursing home. a home for the mentally ill. so in order to investigate further, i invent a nephew with mental trouble. i ask mademoiselle sheppard about suitable homes. she gives me the names of two near cranchester to which her brother has sent patients. i make inquiries. yes, at one of them a patient was brought by the doctor early on saturday morning. though known by another name, i had no difficulty in identifying that patient as captain paton. after certain formalities. i was allowed to bring him with me to my house in the early hours of yesterday morning.''dr sheppard has been very loyal,' said ralph. 'he did what he thought was best. i know now that i should have come forward, but in the nursing home, we never saw a newspaper or heard the radio. i knew nothing of what was going on.''well, now we can have your story of what happened that night,' said raymond impatiently.'you know it already,' said ralph. 'i left fernly at about nine forty-five, and walked up and down the lanes, trying to decide what to do next. i have no alibi, but i promise you that i never went to the study, that i never saw my stepfather alive - or dead. whatever the world thinks, i'd like all of you to believe me.''no alibi makes things very simple, though,' said poirot, in a cheerful voice. 'very simple indeed.'we all stared at him.'to save captain paton the real criminal must confess.' he smiled round at us all. 'see now, i did not invite inspector raglan to be present. i did not want to tell him everything i know tonight.'he leaned forward, and suddenly his voice and his whole personality changed. he suddenly became dangerous. 'i know the murderer of mr ackroyd is in this room now. it is to the murderer i speak. tomorrow the truth goes to inspector raglan. you understand?'there was a tense silence. then poirot's housekeeper came in with a telegram. poirot opened it quickly.blunt's voice rose. 'the murderer is amongst us, you say? you know - who?'poirot had read the message. 'i know - now.'he tapped the paper.'what is that?' said raymond sharply.'a wireless message - from a ship now on her way to the united states.'there was complete silence. poirot stood up and bowed. 'messieurs et mesdames, this meeting of mine is at an end. remember - the truth goes to inspector raglan in the morning.'chapter twenty threethe whole truthpoirot made a gesture for me to stay after everyone had left. i was puzzled. there had been a real threat in poirot's words - hut i still believed he had the wrong idea.he moved over to the fireplace. 'well, my friend,' he said quietly, 'and what do you think of it all?''i don't know what to think. why not go straight to inspector raglan with the truth instead of giving the guilty person this warning?'poirot sat down. 'use your little grey cells,' he said. 'there is always a reason behind my actions.'i said slowly, 'it seems to me that the first reason was to try and force a confession from the murderer?''a clever idea, but not the truth.''my second thought is that, perhaps, by making him believe you knew, you might force him out into the open. he might try to silence you as he formerly silenced mr ackroyd.''and use myself to trap him? mon ami, i am not sufficiently heroic for that.''then surely you are running the risk of letting the murderer escape by warning him?'poirot shook his head. 'he cannot escape. there is only one way out - and that way does not lead to freedom.''you really believe that one of those people here tonight committed the murder?' i asked.'yes, my friend. i will explain exactly how i reached my conclusion. now, there were two facts and a little discrepancy in time which attracted my attention. the first was the telephone call. if ralph paton was indeed the murderer, the telephone call became meaningless and silly. therefore, i said to myself, ralph paton is not the murderer. i concluded that the telephone call must have been made by an accomplice of the murderer. i was not quite pleased with that deduction, but i let it stand for the minute.'i next examined the motive for the call. that was difficult. i could only get at it by judging its result. which was - that the murder was discovered that night instead of the following morning. but matters were still not clear. what was the advantage of having the crime discovered that night rather than the following morning? the only idea i had was that the murderer, knowing the crime was to be discovered at a certain time, could make sure of being present when the door was broken in - or immediately afterwards.'and now we come to the second fact - the chair pulled out from the wall. inspector raglan dismissed that as of no importance. i, on the contrary, have always regarded it as hugely important. the chair, being pulled out as it was, would stand in a direct line between the door and the window.''the window!' i said quickly.'you, too, have my first idea. i imagined that the chair was pulled out to hide something connected to the window. but i abandoned that thought, for the chair hid very little of the window. but just in front of the window there was a table with books and magazines on it. now that table was completely hidden by the pulled-out chair.''now, what if there had been something on that table that was not intended to be seen? something put there by the murderer? i had no idea of what that something might be. but i knew it was something that the murderer had not been able to take away with him. however, it was vital that it should be removed as soon as possible after the crime had been discovered. and so - the telephone message, and the opportunity for the murderer to be there when the body was discovered.''now, four people were on the scene before the police arrived. yourself, parker, major blunt, and mr raymond. parker i eliminated at once, since he was the one person certain to be there when the body was discovered. also, it was he who told me of the pulled-out chair. raymond and blunt, however, remained under suspicion. if the crime had been discovered in the early hours of the morning, it was possible that they might have arrived too late to prevent the object on the round table being discovered.''now what was that object? you heard what i said in this room not half an hour ago? if a dictaphone was being used by mr ackroyd that night, why was no dictaphone found?''i never thought of that,' i said.'so, if something was taken from the table, why would not that something be the dictaphone? but a dictaphone cannot be hidden in a pocket. there must have been something innocent looking which could hold it.'you see where i am arriving? a picture of the murderer is taking shape. a person who was on the scene immediately, but who might not have been if the crime had been discovered the following morning. a person carrying a receptacle into which the dictaphone might be put...'i interrupted. 'but why remove the dictaphone? what was the point?''like mr raymond you think that what was heard at nine-thirty was mr ackroyd's voice speaking into a dictaphone. but consider this useful invention. you dictate into it, do you not? and at some later time a secretary or a typist turns it on, and the voice speaks again.''you mean...?' i gasped.poirot nodded. 'yes. at nine-thirty mr ackroyd was already dead. it was the dictaphone speaking - not the man.''and the murderer switched it on. then he must have been in the room at that minute?''possibly. but what if a timing device had been attached to the dictaphone? in that case we must add two more things to our picture of the murderer. it must be someone who knew mr ackroyd had bought the dictaphone, someone with the necessary mechanical knowledge to attach a timer.''then we came to the footprints on the windowsill. here was my conclusion: those prints were made by someone deliberately trying to put suspicion on ralph paton. to test this, it was necessary to discover certain facts. one pair of ralph's shoes had been taken from the three boars by the police. neither ralph nor anyone else could have worn them that evening, since they were downstairs being cleaned. according to the police theory, ralph was wearing another pair of the same kind, and it was true that he had two pairs. now, for my theory to be proved correct, the murderer had to wear ralph's shoes that evening - in which case ralph must have been wearing a third pair of footwear of some kind. it was unlikely that he would have brought three identical pairs of shoes - and the third pair of footwear was more likely to be boots. i got your sister to make inquiries on this point - emphasizing the color, in order to hide the real reason for my asking.'you know the result of her investigations. ralph paton had had a pair of boots with him. the first question i asked him when he came to my house yesterday morning was what he was wearing on his feet on the night of the murder. he replied at once that he had worn boots - he was still wearing them, having nothing else to put on.''so the murderer is someone who had the opportunity to take these shoes of ralph paton's from the three boars that day. and the murderer must have been a person who had the opportunity to take that dagger from the silver table.''so - a person who was at the three boars earlier that day, a person who knew ackroyd well enough to know that he had bought a dictaphone, a person who was good at mechanical things, who had the opportunity to take the dagger from the silver table before miss flora arrived, who had with him a receptacle suitable for hiding the dictaphone - such as a large black bag - and who was alone in the study after the crime was discovered while parker was telephoning for the police. in fact - dr sheppard!'chapter twenty fourand nothing but the truththere was complete silence for a minute and a half. then i laughed.'you're mad,' i said.'no,' said poirot. 'i am not mad. it was the little discrepancy in time that first brought my attention to you - right at the beginning. you left the house at ten minutes to nine - both by your own statement and that of parker, and yet it was nine o'clock when you passed through the lodge gates. it was a cold night - not an evening a man would want to walk slowly; why had you taken ten minutes to do a five minutes' walk? all along i realized that we had only your statement that the study window was closed. ackroyd asked you if you had done so - he never looked to see. supposing, then, that the study window was open? supposing, too, that you killed ackroyd before you left? then you go out of the front door and run round to the summerhouse. you then take ralph paton's shoes out of your black bag, put them on, walk through the mud in them, and leave prints on the windowsill when you climb in. you lock the study door on the inside and run back to the summerhouse. then you change back into your own shoes, and run down to the gate. i did exactly the same things myself the other day - it took ten minutes exactly. then you went home, which gave you your alibi - since you had timed the dictaphone for half-past nine.''my dear poirot,' i said, 'what on earth had i to gain by murdering ackroyd?''safety. it was you who was blackmailing mrs ferrars. who knew more about mr ferrars' death than his doctor? when you spoke to me that first day in the garden, you mentioned a legacy that you received about a year ago. i have been unable to discover any trace of a legacy. you had to invent some way to explain the twenty thousand pounds you blackmailed out of mrs ferrars - money that has not done you much good. you lost most of it in speculation - and then you went back to mrs ferrars for more money - and mrs ferrars took an unexpected way out of the torture you were putting her through. you knew that if ackroyd learnt the truth, he would have no mercy on you - you were ruined.''and the telephone call?' i asked. 'you have an explanation of that also, i suppose?''that was my greatest problem - when i discovered that a call had really been put through to you. at first i believed that you had simply invented the story. it was a very clever idea, that. you needed some excuse for arriving at fernly and finding the body, and then getting the chance to remove the dictaphone on which your alibi depended. i had a very vague idea of how it was done when i came to see your sister that first day and asked her which patients you had seen on friday morning. among your patients that morning was the steward of an american liner who was leaving for liverpool by the train that evening. and afterwards he would be on the atlantic ocean, well out of the way. i noted that the ss orion had sailed on saturday, and having discovered the name of the steward, i sent him a wireless message asking a certain question. this is his reply you saw me receive just now.' he held out the message to me. it ran as follows:'quite correct. dr sheppard asked me to take a note to a patient's house. i was to ring him up from the station with the reply. reply was "no answer."''it was a clever idea,' said poirot. 'the call was genuine. but there was only one man's report as to what was actually said - your own!''now, remember what i said - the truth goes to inspector raglan in the morning. but, because i admire and like your good sister, i am willing to give you the chance of another way out. there might be, for instance, an overdose of a sleeping drug. you understand me? but captain ralph paton must be proved innocent. i suggest that you finish that very interesting manuscript of yours - with the truth.''have you quite finished?''there is one more thing. it would be most unwise of you to attempt to silence me as you silenced monsieur ackroyd. that kind of business does not succeed against hercule poirot, you understand.''my dear poirot,' i said, smiling a little, 'whatever else i may be, i am not a fool.'i stood. 'well, well,' i said, with a slight vain. 'i must be off home. thank you for a most interesting and instructive evening.'poirot also stood and bowed with his usual politeness as i went out of the room.chapter twenty fiveapologiafive a.m. i am very tired - but i have finished. my hand aches from writing.what a strange end to my manuscript. i had planned for it to be published someday as the history of one of poirot's failures! strange, how things work out.poor old ackroyd. he knew danger was close at hand. and yet he never suspected me. the dagger was a last-minute thought. i'd brought a weapon of my own, but when i saw the dagger in the silver table, i thought how much better it would be to use a weapon that wasn't mine.as soon as i heard of mrs ferrar's death, i wondered if she had told ackroyd everything before she died. when i met him, i thought that perhaps he knew the truth, but that he was going to give me the chance to deny it. so i went home and made my plans. he had given me the dictaphone two days before to make a small adjustment to it. i did what i needed to, and took it up with me in my bag that evening.when i looked round ackroyd's study from the door, i was quite satisfied. nothing had been left undone. the dictaphone was on the table by the window, timed to switch on at nine-thirty, and the armchair was pulled out to hide it from the door.i must admit that it gave me a shock to find parker just outside the door. then later, when the body was discovered, and i sent parker to telephone for the police, i put the dictaphone into my bag and pushed back the chair to its usual place. i never dreamed that parker would notice that chair.i wish i had known earlier that flora would say her uncle was alive at a quarter to ten. that really puzzled me. but my greatest fear all through has been caroline. i have suspected she might guess. it was strange the way she spoke that day of my being 'as weak as water.'well, she will never know the truth. i can trust poirot. he and inspector raglan will manage it between them. i would not like caroline to know. she is fond of me, and my death will bring her great sadness. but sadness passes. discovering that i am a murderer would live with her forever...when i have finished writing, i will put this manuscript in an envelope and address it to poirot. and then - what will it be? veronal? that would be a kind of justice. not that i take any responsibility for mrs ferrars' death. it was the direct result of her own murderous actions. i feel no pity for her.i have no pity for myself either.so let it be veronal.but i wish hercule poirot had never retired from work and come here to grow vegetable marrows.