mary felt protective towards dick, though. he was shy and nervous, and this made her feel a little less nervous herself. when he brought tea and two cracked cups she was disgusted, but as she took the teapot from him and poured she began to feel she could have a place there. she felt him watching her, proud and delighted.now that he had a wife, it seemed to dick that he had been a fool to wait so long. he told her all about his life on the farm: how he had built the house with his own hands; how he had collected each piece of furniture; how charlie slatter's wife had made the heavy curtain that separated the living room from the bedroom. as he spoke, she began to think of when she was a child - the poverty, the emptiness, the problems her mother had. and now it seemed she was back in that world, the world she had escaped from all those years ago.'let's go next door,' she said suddenly. dick got up, surprised and a little hurt. next door was the bedroom. there was a hanging cupboard, some shelves, and some large boxes with a mirror standing on top. in the middle of the room was the bed which dick had bought for their marriage, an old-fashioned bed, high and huge.seeing her standing there looking lost and confused, dick left her alone to get ready for bed. as he took off his clothes in the next room he felt guilty again. he had had no right to marry, no right to bring her to this. returning to the bedroom, he found her lying in bed with her back to him. he touched her gently and tenderly.it was not so bad, mary thought when it was all over. it meant nothing to her, nothing at all. lack of involvement came naturally to her, and if dick felt as if he had been denied then his sense of guilt told him that he deserved it. as he reached to turn out the light, he whispered to himself, 'i had no right... no right.' mary fell asleep holding his hand protectively, as she might have held the hand of a sick child.'did you sleep well?' asked dick, coming back into the bedroom the next morning.'yes, thank you.''tea is coming now.' they were polite with each other.an elderly native brought in the tea and put it on the table.'this is the new missus,' dick said to him. 'mary, this is samson. he'll look after you.'after dick had left to start his day's work, she got up and looked around the house. samson was cleaning the living room and all the furniture was pushed into the middle, so she walked outside and round to the back of the house. it will be hot here, she thought, but how beautiful the colours are: the green of the trees and the gold of the grass shining in the sun. she entered the house from the back through the kitchen, and found samson in the bedroom making the bed.she had never had contact with natives before as an employer. she had been forbidden to speak to her mother's servants, and in the club she had been kind to the waiters; to her the 'native problem' meant other women's complaints at tea parties. she was afraid of them of course, since every white woman in southern africa is taught to fear natives from a very early age. and now she had to face the problem of how to handle them. but samson seemed pleasant, and she thought she would like him.'missus like to see the kitchen?' he asked.he showed her where all the food was kept in large locked metal boxes. between samson and dick there was a perfect understanding: dick locked everything, but always put out more food than was needed for any meal. this extra food was then used by samson, but he hoped for better things now that there was a woman in the house. he showed mary how the oven worked, where the wood pile was, where the bedclothes were kept.it was only seven in the morning and already her face and body were starting to get hot and sticky.dick returned for breakfast about half an hour later. he sat in silence through the meal. more problems on the farm; two pieces of equipment broken while he was away. mary said nothing. this was all too strange for her.immediately after breakfast, dick took his hat off the chair and went out again. mary looked for a cook-book and took it to the kitchen. then, when her cooking experiments were over, she sat down with a book on kitchen kaffir . this was clearly the first thing she had to learn; samson spoke little english, and she needed to make him understand her.