'they aren't,' said kathleen; 'at least, phoebus wasn't. he was very polite and nice.''where is he?' mabel asked.'he was in the lake,' said kathleen.'then let's go down there,' said mabel. she jumped up, but the white kathleen did not move.'hello, little sister!' said a voice behind them. they turned their heads, surprised. there in the moonlight stood phoebus, smiling at them, very friendly.'oh, it's you!' said kathleen.'yes,' said phoebus cheerfully. 'who is your friend, child?''this is mabel,' said kathleen.mabel got up and bowed, hesitated, and held out a hand.'i'm happy to meet you, little lady,' said phoebus, taking her marble fingers. 'but i don't understand how you can see us, and why you do not fear.'mabel showed him the ring.'i see,' said phoebus; 'but if you have that, why not be-come a statue and swim with us in the lake?''i can't swim,' said mabel.'nor yet me,' said kathleen.'you can,' said phoebus. 'all statues that come to life are good at all sports. and you, little lady, wish yourself a statue and join us.''you see,' said mabel 'this ring ... you wish for things, and you never know how long they're going to last. it would be jolly to be a statue now, but not next morning-''you don't know the powers of your ring,' said phoebus. 'wish exactly, and the ring will exactly perform. say this: "i wish to be a statue of living marble till the dawn".''oh, yes, do, mabel, it would be so jolly!' cried kathleen.'and could i swim then?''swim, and laugh, and eat the food of the gods, and listen to a beautiful song.''o, mabel, do!' said kathleen. 'i am so hungry.'still mabel hesitated. then she looked at kathleen's legs and suddenly said: 'very well, i will. but first i'll take off my shoes and stockings. marble boots look simply awful.'she had pulled off shoes and stockings, then she said the wish, and there were two little live statues in the moonlight. tall phoebus took a hand of each.'come - run!' he cried. and they ran.they ran down the slope to the lake and jumped into the water. they swam easily and beautifully. and it was so lovely there. the moon was high in the sky. the willows, water-lilies, temples, terraces and bushes made the place very romantic.'now one more round,' said phoebus kindly, 'and then we'll swim to the island.'the island was bigger than it seemed, and it was covered with trees and bushes. but when they passed the trees, they saw a wide lawn, and then marble steps going down to a round pool, where there were no water-lilies - only gold and silver fish. and the water and marble and grass was lighted with a clear, white, light, seven times stronger than the whitest moonlight, and in the waters of the pool seven moons reflected. the girls looked up at the sky, almost expecting to see seven moons there. but no, the old moon was alone there.'there are seven moons,' said mabel.'of course,' said phoebus; 'everything in our world is seventies as much so as in yours. now let's join the ladies.'on the other side of the pool there were twenty or thirty figures - all statues and all alive. some were dipping their white feet among the gold and silver fish. others were holding hands and dancing in a ring.'i bring two guests,' said phoebus, coming up to the group. the statues crowded round, stroking the girls' hair.'are the wreaths ready, hebe?' the tallest lady asked. 'make two more!'and almost directly hebe came down the steps with rose- wreaths on her arms. there was one for each marble head.the children remembered how mademoiselle had said that gods and goddesses always wore wreaths for meals.hebe herself put the roses on the girls' heads and aphrodite took them by the hands and said: 'come, we must get the feast ready. eros - psyche - hebe - all you young people can get the fruit.''i don't see any fruit,' said kathleen.'you must pick it like this,' said psyche, lifting her marble arms to a willow branch. she showed her hand to the children - it held a pear.'i see,' said mabel. 'you just -' she touched the willow branch - and they saw a big peach in her hand.'yes, just that,' laughed psyche, who was a dear, as anyone could see.after this they gathered fruit into a few silver baskets, while the elder statues were busy getting golden glasses and jugs and dishes from the branches of other trees and filling them with everything nice to eat and drink. then everyone sat or lay down on the steps and the feast began.'i wonder what the boys are doing,' said mabel, taking the third peach.'at this moment,' said hermes, who had just returned from the flight, 'at this moment they are trying to find you near the home of the dinosaur. they're very worried about you.'kathleen stood up.'thank you all very much,' she said. 'it was very kind of you to have us, and we've enjoyed ourselves very much, but i think it's time to go now.''if you are worried about your brothers,' said phoebus, 'they can easily join you. give me your ring for a moment.'he took it from kathleen's half-reluctant hand, dipped it in the reflection of one of the seven moons, and gave it back. 'now,' he said, 'say what mabel wished for herself. say-''i know,' and kathleen made her wish.'you were too quick,' said phoebus. 'they are statues now, but they are not here. hermes, bring them here and explain things as you come.'he dipped the ring again in one of the reflected moons and gave it back to kathleen.'now it's clean and ready for the next magic.'it was clear that hermes had 'explained everything' quite fully, because when marble gerald and jimmy arrived, they were quite at ease. they bowed to the goddesses and took their places beside them.when the feast was over, hera turned her eyes on the children and said: 'how did the ring come into your hands?''i'll tell you,' said mabel. 'once upon a time there was a little girl called mabel,' she added and went on with story of the enchanted castle. the marble gods listened - almost as enchanted as the castle itself.'and so,' ended mabel ended, 'kathleen wished for the boys and the lord hermes brought them and here we all are.'the statues began discussing the story. when the discussion was over, mabel said: 'now we want to know something.''what?''how you come alive, and how you know about the ring.''tell them, phoebus,' said aphrodite.so phoebus told.'all statues,' he said, 'can come alive when the moon shines. but only on one night in all the year people can see them.''and when is that?' gerald asked politely.'at the festival of the harvest,' said phoebes. 'and it can happen only in certain temples. one of these temples is in this great garden.''then,' said gerald, much interested, 'if we come up to that temple on that night, we could see you, even if we are not statues or don't have the ring?''even so,' said phoebus. 'more, we must answer any question asked by people.''and the night is when?''ah!' said phoebus, and laughed. 'wouldn't you like to know!'then the great marble zeus stroked his long beard, and said: 'enough of stories, phoebus. play to us.''but the ring,' said mabel in a whisper, 'how you know all about the ring?''ask me again before dawn, and i will tell you all i know of it,' the god whispered back.then phoebus began to play the lyre, and music filled the air. it was so sweet and beautiful that those who listened forgot time and space.and then, suddenly, the music stopped. phoebus stood up, crying, 'the dawn! to your pedestals, o gods!'at once the whole crowd of beautiful marble people ran towards the trees. then the children heard the splash. they heard, too, the breathing of a great beast, and knew that the dinosaur, too, was returning to his own place.only hermes had time to whisper to them with a laugh:'in fourteen days from now, at the temple of strange stones.''what's the secret of the ring?' asked mabel.'the ring is the heart of the magic,' said hermes. 'ask at the moonrise on the fourteenth day, and you shall know all.'and as he flew away a cold wind began to blow, a grey light grew and grew, and the marble slipped away from the children like a skin, and they were statues no more, but live children, standing in long grass. there was no lawn, no marble steps, no pool with seven moons.'what shall we do now?' said mabel, shivering with cold. 'we can't swim now. and this is the island?'it was and they couldn't swim.'is there a boat?' jimmy asked.'no,' said mabel, 'not on this side of the lake.''can't anyone think of anything?' gerald asked.'the ring,' said mabel. 'of course we can get home with the help of the ring.''where is the ring?' asked gerald.'you had it,' mabel said to kathleen.'i know i had,' said kathleen, 'but i gave it to psyche to look at and - and she put it on her finger!'everyone tried not to be angry with kathleen.'if we ever get off this island, can you find psyche's statue and get it off again?' asked gerald.'no, i can't,' mabel moaned. 'i don't know where the statue is. i've never seen it.''now, look here,' said gerald after a long silence. 'let's make a tour of the island. perhaps we could find a boat.'quite sure that there wasn't and couldn't be any boat, the four children started to explore the island.the sun was already sending strong light straight at the children's eyes. this, with the fact that he was not looking where he was going, was the reason why gerald stumbled, fell down some steps that opened suddenly in the ground.'oh, gerald!' called mabel down the steps; 'are you hurt?''no,' said gerald, angrily, because he was hurt; 'it's steps, and there's a passage.''i knew there was a passage,' said mabel; 'it goes under the water and comes out at the temple of flora.''then we can get out that way,' said gerald's voice.'i think it goes past the place where the ugly-wugly found its good hotel.''it's no good,' said jimmy weakly; 'you know well you can't get out of that temple of flora door, even if you get to it.''i don't know,' said gerald, 'there can be a secret spring inside that door.'so the four went down the stone steps that led to the underground and underwater passage. then the passage took a turn, there were more steps, down, down, and then the children saw something that they had never thought possible. it was a great marble hall. its roof was held up by two rows of round pillars, and every corner of the hall was filled with a warm, lovely light.'how beautiful!' kathleen whispered. 'i can't believe it's real,' said mabel.this hall in which the children found themselves was the most beautiful place in the world. all round it were great arches. and through these arches they could see many things. through one arch they saw an olive garden, and in it two lovers who held each other's hands, under an italian moon; through another a small ship on a wild sea. a third showed a king on his throne; a fourth showed a really good hotel, with the respectable ugly-wugly sitting on the front doorsteps. there was a mother, bending over a child's bed. there was an artist looking at the picture he had painted, a general dying on a field of a battle he had won. and these things were not pictures, but true life.there were many other pictures, and all showed the best moments in people's lives. and the really good hotel had its place here too, because there are some souls that ask nothing more than 'a really good hotel'.they went slowly up the hall, and at the end of it the children saw where the light came from. it came from one statue that mabel 'did not know where to find' - the statue of psyche. they went on slowly, quite happy. and when they came close to psyche they saw the ring on her hand.gerald put his knee on the pedestal. 'i hope you don't mind,' he said, and drew the ring off very gently.then they passed behind the white psyche, and came to a dark passage that led from the hall. kathleen said, 'give me the ring. i know exactly what to say.'gerald gave it reluctantly.'i wish,' said kathleen slowly, 'that we were safe in our own beds, undressed, and in our nightgowns, and asleep.'and the next moment they were all in their own beds. mabel's own bed was, of course, at yalding towers, and to this day mabel's aunt cannot understand how mabel, who was staying the night in the town was in her bed in the morning.