benjamin opened a book of boys' stories, the boy scouts in bimini bay, and began to read. but he found himself thinking persistently about the war. america had joined the allied cause during the preceding month, and benjamin wanted to enlist, but, alas, sixteen was the minimum age, and he did not look that old. his true age, which was fifty - seven, would have disqualified him, anyway.there was a knock at his door, and the butler appeared with a letter bearing a large official legend in the corner and addressed to mr. benjamin button. benjamin tore it open eagerly, and read the enclosure with delight. it informed him that many reserve officers who had served in the spanish - american war were being called back into service with a higher rank, and it enclosed his commission as brigadier - general in the united states army with orders to report immediately.benjamin jumped to his feet fairly quivering with enthusiasm. this was what he had wanted. he seized his cap, and ten minutes later he had entered a large tailoring establishment on charles street, and asked in his uncertain treble to be measured for a uniform."want to play soldier, sonny?" demanded a clerk casually.benjamin flushed. "say! never mind what i want!" he retorted angrily. "my name's button and i live on mt. vernon place, so you know i'm good for it.""well," admitted the clerk hesitantly, "if you're not, i guess your daddy is, all right."benjamin was measured, and a week later his uniform was completed. he had difficulty in obtaining the proper general's insignia because the dealer kept insisting to benjamin that a nice y.m.c.a. badge would look just as well and be much more fun to play with.saying nothing to roscoe, he left the house one night and proceeded by train to camp mosby, in south carolina, where he was to command an infantry brigade. on a sultry april day he approached the entrance to the camp, paid off the taxicab which had brought him from the station, and turned to the sentry on guard."get some one to handle my luggage!" he said briskly.the sentry eyed him reproachfully. "say," he remarked, "where you goin' with the general's duds, sonny?"benjamin, veteran of the spanish - american war, whirled upon him with fire in his eye, but with, alas, a changing treble voice."come to attention!" he tried to thunder; he paused for breath - then suddenly he saw the sentry snap his heels together and bring his rifle to the present. benjamin concealed a smile of gratification, but when he glanced around his smile faded. it was not he who had inspired obedience, but an imposing artillery colonel who was approaching on horseback."colonel!" called benjamin shrilly.the colonel came up, drew rein, and looked coolly down at him with a twinkle in his eyes. "whose little boy are you?" he demanded kindly."i'll soon darn well show you whose little boy i am!" retorted benjamin in a ferocious voice. "get down off that horse!"the colonel roared with laughter."you want him, eh, general?""here!" cried benjamin desperately. "read this." and he thrust his commission toward the colonel.the colonel read it, his eyes popping from their sockets."where'd you get this?" he demanded, slipping the document into his own pocket."i got it from the government, as you'll soon find out!""you come along with me," said the colonel with a peculiar look. "we'll go up to headquarters and talk this over. come along."the colonel turned and began walking his horse in the direction of headquarters. there was nothing for benjamin to do but follow with as much dignity as possible - meanwhile promising himself a stern revenge.but this revenge did not materialise. two days later, however, his son roscoe materialised from baltimore, hot and cross from a hasty trip, and escorted the weeping general, sans uniform, back to his home.