the real reason why charlie had an interest in the turners, though, was that he wanted their farm. for years charlie had taken from his own land and put nothing back. the earth had been rich and had produced good crops, but now it produced little. this did not really matter to the slatters, since they had plenty of money, but their animals needed grass to eat. charlie looked with envy at the dark earth of dick's farm, for dick had over the years planted trees and crops that kept it rich; he had always looked after it well. for years charlie had been waiting for dick to give up and sell the farm, but through all the bad seasons and crop failures, dick had continued in his own stubborn way.one day charlie realised, with some guilt, that he had not visited dick for nearly two years, and that afternoon he drove to the turners' farm. as he went, he looked carefully at the crops and buildings. nothing was any different; things looked neither better nor worse than before.'what can i do for you?' said dick as charlie stopped his car in the field where he was working.'nothing. just came to see how you were doing.'they sat for a while watching the natives, until dick stood up with difficulty. 'end of another day.'charlie looked at him carefully. 'are you sick? you don't look well.''oh, i'm all right. blood's getting thin after all these years, that's all.'but charlie could see he was ill. in fact dick was often ill these days. he had by now suffered several times from malaria.'how's mary?' asked charlie, and dick told him that he was very worried about her. he invited charlie up to the house.since dick had sold his car because he could no longer afford to keep it, they climbed into charlie's.'but what's wrong with her, man?' charlie asked.dick was quiet for a moment. 'i don't know,' he said at last. 'she's just different. sometimes i think she's better, and then things start getting worse again. she's just not the same as she was before. you know... she used to keep chickens, made a lot out of them every month. now she's let it go. and she used to drive me mad with her complaining about the servants. now she just says nothing.'charlie looked at him. 'look here, turner,' he said suddenly. 'why don't you give up the farm? you're not doing yourself or your wife any good.''oh, we keep going,' said dick.'but you're ill.''i'm all right.'charlie stopped the car in front of the house. 'why don't you sell to me? i'll give you a good price.''where would i go?' asked dick in amazement. 'no, we'll be all right.''evening, mrs turner,' said charlie, as they entered the house.'good evening,' said mary. she was wearing a red cotton dress and long brightly coloured earrings of the kind the natives liked so much. she looked thin and uncertain, but her blue eyes seemed to have a new light in them. 'why, good evening, mr slatter,' she said girlishly. 'we haven't seen you for a long time!' she laughed strangely, and dick looked away, suffering. he hated it when she was like this.she seemed to charlie a little mad. he sat down and looked around the room. the curtains were torn, a window was broken. everywhere were bits and pieces of cloth that they had been unable to sell in the shop. 'we closed the shop,' said dick, 'so we're using the stuff ourselves.''moses, moses!' mary called. nothing happened. 'excuse me, you know what these boys are,' she said, and went to the kitchen.charlie looked at dick as if asking him to explain, but dick looked away again. supper, when it was brought in, was tea, bread and butter, and a piece of cold meat. the plates were cracked and the knives were dirty. charlie could hardly bring himself to eat. through the meal mary continued to talk in sharp bursts about this and that, and kept bending her head in a way which shook her earrings while smiling at charlie. he was disgusted at the way she was acting, and answered her questions coldly and in as few words as possible.'would you like some fruit, mr slatter? moses, fetch the oranges.'charlie looked up in surprise at the voice she had used to speak to the native. she was speaking to him in that same girlish manner.'oranges finished,' moses replied rudely.'no, there are some. i know there are,''oranges finished,' said moses louder, looking her in the eye.charlie was amazed. the power in the native's voice was obvious to anybody. he looked at mary. her face showed fear.'how long have you had this boy?' he asked sharply. moses was standing at the door, openly listening.'about four years,' said dick quietly.'why do you let him speak to you like that?'neither of them replied. mary was looking over her shoulder to where moses stood. the look in her face caused charlie to shout suddenly, 'get out! get on with your work!' moses disappeared. charlie waited for dick to speak, but his head was bent and he said nothing.'get rid of that boy, turner. get rid of him!' charlie ordered.he took dick outside the house. 'listen, turner, you've got to get away from here. i'll buy your farm and you can stay on as manager. but you must go away for six months first. you have to take a holiday. take your wife away from here,' he spoke quickly, giving dick no chance to refuse. he was obeying a law of the whites in southern africa: 'you must not let any whites sink below a certain point, because if you do the niggers will think they are just as good,' poor dick, though, felt that charlie was asking him to give up everything he had... even his life itself. 'you must go away. i'll get someone to look after the place for six months. then you come back as manager.' for four hours they talked, until at last dick gave in.as soon as charlie left, mary returned to her old ways. she no longer spoke to dick at all. it was as if he did not exist for her. she came alive only when moses entered the room, and then she never took her eyes off him. dick did not know what this meant; he did not want to know, because he was beyond fighting now.charlie slatter wasted no time. he soon found a young man just out from england to manage the farm while dick was away, and tony marston moved into a small one-roomed building at the back of the house. the walls were mud and the floor was the bare earth, but tony did not mind these things. he was excited at being in africa. it was so much better than the office job he had left in england. at twenty he was ready for some adventure. he wanted to learn to farm, and working here would be good experience. he was sorry for dick, but even this tragedy seemed to him romantic. he was expected to pick up enough knowledge in one month with dick to keep the farm going for six months, so he worked hard and spent every day in the fields.for dick that month was hard. fifteen years of his life were about to disappear. the earth that he loved, the trees and the crops that were in his blood - all these would be gone for ever.mary too showed no pleasure at the thought of going on her first holiday for years. she was making no preparations. in fact neither she nor dick ever mentioned it. tony hardly saw her, but the few words she did speak to him seemed to make no sense. he thought she was probably slightly mad.three days before they were to leave the farm, tony asked to stay behind for the afternoon because he was not feeling well. he awoke from sleep at about four in the afternoon, feeling very thirsty. he walked towards the house and opened the door quietly because he had been told that mary slept in the afternoons. he filled his glass and turned to leave. as he did so he could see into the bedroom, and what he saw made him stop suddenly. mary was sitting on the bed in her underwear, and moses stood behind her, helping her to pull her dress back on again. when she was dressed she said, 'thank you, moses. you'd better go now. it's time for my husband to come.' the native turned to leave and noticed tony. he stopped and gave him a long, evil look that made tony quite afraid. then he walked past. tony stood still for a moment, wondering what to do next.mary too came out of the bedroom. when she saw tony, she looked at him with sudden fear. then the fear seemed to disappear and her face looked empty.'does that native always dress you?' he asked.'he has so little to do. he must earn his money.' there was silence for a moment. 'they said i was not like that, not like that, not like that!' she sang.'this woman really is crazy,' thought tony.'it's been so long... i should have got out years ago... but i can't... he won't go away...!' she shouted.now he wanted to help her, but moses appeared at the door. 'go away,' ordered tony. 'go away at once!''yes, go away,' mary shouted at moses. tony realised she was using him to try and get back some of the power that she had lost.'missus want me to go?' the boy asked quietly.'get out!' shouted tony again. 'get out before i kick you out!'after a long, slow, look of hatred, the native went. and then he was gone. there was an uncomfortable silence.'you sent him away!' she screamed at tony. 'he'll never come back! he's gone! he's gone! everything was all right until you came!' and she fell to the floor in tears.what should he say to turner? he decided to advise him to get rid of the native. but moses did not return. when dick asked where he was, mary said that she had sent him away. tony heard the emptiness in her voice and saw that she was speaking to dick without seeing him. he decided to do nothing. what more could he do? the next morning he went off to the fields with dick as usual. it was their last day together, and there was a lot to do.