'oh, jerry,' said kathleen. 'i'm simply dying to hear what happened last night.'gerald told them his story. as he told it some of the white mystery and magic of the moonlit garden got into his voice and his words, so that when he told of the statues and the great beast that came alive, kathleen and jimmy listened to him open- mouthed.then came the thrilling story of the burglars, and the warning letter. gerald told the story with the greatest enjoyment and in detail. the church clock struck half-past eleven, and they saw mabel.'i couldn't wait any longer,' she explained, 'when you didn't come. has anything more happened? the burglars had gone when bates got to the room.''go on, jerry,' said kathleen. 'he's just got to where he threw the stone into your room, mabel.'mabel climbed on to the wall. 'you've got visible again quicker than i did,' she said.gerald nodded and went on with his story:'i returned to the room. soon the burglars came out. they didn't see me, and i saw them all right.'which way did they go?' asked mabel.'they passed across the park. the stone things that come alive kept looking out from between bushes and under trees. they saw the burglars; but the burglars couldn't see them.''the stone things?' asked mabel.gerald told her of the statues.'i never saw them come alive,' she said, 'and i've been in the garden in the evening many times.''i saw them,' said gerald firmly.'i know, i know,' said mabel; 'what i mean to say is that they could only be visible when you're invisible.''you can be right,' agreed gerald. 'the castle garden's enchanted, but what i should like to know is how and why. i say, come on, i've got to catch johnson before twelve.''but you can talk as we go,' said mabel. 'oh, it is so awfully thrilling!'this pleased gerald, of course.'well, i just followed. they got out of the park the same way, where we got in. then they went through the place where the poor people live, and right down to the river. and - i say, we must run to catch johnson.'so the story stopped and the running began.they caught johnson in his own back-yard washing.'look here, johnson,' said gerald, 'what'll you give me if i help you to win that reward?''half,' said johnson, 'but i don't believe any of your nonsense.''it's not nonsense,' said gerald very impressively. 'when you catch the burglars you just give me a quid for luck. i won't ask for more.''i'm sure you do want something more off of me,' said johnson, 'but don't you want the reward yourself?''you are right,' said gerald. 'i want that you never tell anyone who told you. let them think it was your own luck and far-sightedness. you see, i found it out late at night, in a place where i wasn't supposed to be.johnson was now too interested, and gerald told him how he had seen the burglars at yalding towers and how he had followed them.'i saw them hide the sacks and i know the other stolen things are in the same place, and i heard them talk about when to take them away.''come and show me where,' said johnson.'no,' said gerald calmly; 'if you go there now you'll find the silver, but you'll never catch the thieves.''you're right there,' said the policeman. 'well?''well, a car will be waiting for them beyond the boat- house at one o clock tonight. they'll get the things out at half- past twelve. and you could catch them then.''it seems to me real enough,' said johnson.'he's not a liar - none of us are.''it's the chance of your lifetime. do you agree?''i agree,' said johnson.'then when you're on duty you go down to the river, and the place where you see me blow my nose is the place. the sacks are tied to the posts under the water.'johnson said that he would go immediately.the children were already at the river when they heard the policeman's heavy boots. gerald stopped at the end of a little landing-stage and loudly blew his nose.'morning,' he said immediately.'morning,' said johnson. 'got a cold?''ah! i shouldn't have a cold if i'd got boots like yours,' said gerald admiringly. 'look at them. anyone would know your footsteps a mile off. how do you ever get near enough to anyone to arrest them?' he whispered as he passed johnson, 'that's the place,' and he left followed by the others.'we've brought a friend home to dinner,' said kathleen, when eliza opened the door. 'where's mademoiselle?''gone to see yalding towers. today's show day. and hurry over your dinner. it's my afternoon out, and my gentle-man friend doesn't like to wait.''all right, we'll eat very quickly,' gerald promised.they kept their word. the dinner was over in a quarter of an hour.'and now,' said mabel, when eliza disappeared up the stairs, 'where's the ring? i must put it back.''i'm very sorry - we're all very sorry,' began kathleen, and then they told her how the ring was lost. 'let's all look again. we were rather in a hurry this morning.'so they looked, and they looked. in the bed, under the bed, under the carpet, under the furniture. they shook the curtains; they explored the corners, but found no ring.'then,' said mabel at last, 'your housemaid have stolen it. that's all. i shall tell her i think so.'suddenly they heard knocking at the back door. all the servants except eliza were away on their holidays, so the children went together to open the door.when they opened the door they saw a young man, with his hat very much on one side, his mouth open under his fair moustache, and his eyes as nearly round as human eyes can be.he wore a suit of a bright mustard color and a blue necktie. his expression was that of a person who is being dragged somewhere against his will. he looked so strange that kathleen tried to shut the door in his face, but she couldn't do it. there was something in the way.'leave go of me!' said the young man.'oh, yes! i'll leave go of you!' it was the voice of eliza but no eliza could be seen.'who holds you?' asked kathleen.'she has, miss,' replied the unhappy stranger. 'eliza, miss. at least it sounds like her voice, and it feels like her body, but i can't see her.''that's what he keeps on saying,' said eliza's voice. 'he's my gentleman friend.'suddenly his hand dropped. eliza had 'left go' of him. she pushed past the children, but gerald caught her by the arm with one hand and whispered: 'don't move and don't say a word. if you do - well, what's to stop me from sending for the police?'eliza did not know what there was to stop him. so she did as she was told, and stood invisible and silent.the mustard-colored young man stood looking at the children with eyes, if possible, rounder than before.'what is it?' he asked. 'what's it all about?''if you don't know, i'm afraid we can't tell you,' said gerald politely, 'but i'll give you a bit of advice. you go home and lie down. you'll be all right tomorrow.''the sun's very hot, you know,' added mabel.'hasn't eliza gone out to meet me?' he asked.'eliza's indoors,' said mabel. 'she can't come out to meet anybody today.''you go home and lie down,' said kathleen. 'i'm sure you must need it. good afternoon.''good afternoon, miss,' said the young man and went slowly away.the children explained to eliza very carefully and quite kindly that she really was invisible, and that if you steal rings you can never be sure what will happen to you.'is it forever?' moaned eliza, 'no one will marry a girl he can't see.''no, not for ever,' said mabel kindly, 'i expect you'll be all right tomorrow.''tonight, i think,' said gerald.'we'll help you all we can, and not tell anyone,' said kathleen.'not even the police,' said jimmy.'look here, we'll have a picnic and we'll take eliza. i'll go out and get the cakes,' said gerald.when mademoiselle came home, they started off for yalding towers.'picnic parties aren't allowed,' said mabel.'ours will be,' said gerald.tea and the buns made an excellent picnic. they sat in the garden till the sun set behind the line of black fir-trees on the top of the slope, and the white temple turned grey.'it would be a very nice place to live in,' said kathleen.'draughty,' said eliza, 'a lot of steps to clean! oh, what's that?''what?''that white thing coming down the steps. why, it's a young man in statuary'the statues do come alive here, after sunset,' said gerald calmly.'i see they do.' eliza did not seem at all surprised or alarmed. 'there's another of them. and many more.''i don't see any statues,' said jimmy.'don't you see?' gerald whispered; 'the statues come alive when the sun goes down and you can't see them unless you're invisible, and you're not afraid unless you touch them.''let's get her to touch one and see,' said jimmy.in the darkness of the park the children could see the statues - white and motionless. but eliza saw other things.'oh,' she cried suddenly, 'here's the dear little boy with the deer - he's coming to me!'next moment she was screaming and running away.'come on!' cried gerald; 'she touched it, and then she was frightened. just like i was. run! she'll send everyone in the town mad if she gets there like that.they ran, but eliza was much ahead of them.'i'll stop here; see you tomorrow,' said mabel, as they reached the terrace. then they turned the corner of their own street and saw an unseen person trying to open the locked door of the school. the church clock struck the half-hour.'half-past nine,' said gerald. 'pull at the ring. perhaps it'll come off now.'he spoke to the bare doorstep. but it was eliza who suddenly held out a hand - a hand that they could see; and in the hand they saw the magic ring.next morning eliza's gentleman friend was waiting for her when she opened the door.'sorry you couldn't come out yesterday,' he said.'so am i. what did you do?' she asked.'i had a headache,' said the gentleman friend. i laid down most of the afternoon. and what did you do?''oh, nothing interesting,' said eliza.'then it was all a dream,' she said, when he was gone; 'but it'll be a lesson to me not to take anybody's old ring again in a hurry.''so they didn't tell her about me behaving like i did,' said he as he went - 'sun, i think. i hope it will not happen to me again!'