'i can't go back to aunt. i can't and i won't,' said mabel firmly.'but what shall we say to mademoiselle about you -!' said gerald.'you could tell the truth,' said mabel.'she wouldn't believe it,' said cathy.'no,' said gerald's voice, 'we can't tell her. but she's really nice. let's ask her to let you stay the night because it's too late for you to get home.''that's all right,' said jimmy, 'but what about you?''i shall go to bed,' said gerald, 'with a headache. oh, that's not a lie! i've got one right enough.''i'd do something different from going to bed with a silly headache,' said jimmy unkindly.'what would you do?' asked the voice of gerald.'i'd be a burglar,' said jimmy.cathy and mabel reminded him how wrong it was, and jimmy replied:'well, then - a detective.''it's exactly what i am going to do,' said gerald. 'we'll go to the police-station and see what they've got in the way of crimes.they did, and read the notices on the board outside. two dogs had been lost and a purse. also someone had stolen many silver plates. twenty pounds reward offered for any information that may lead to the recovery of the missing property.'i'll detect that,' said gerald; 'here comes johnson,' he added; 'ask him about it, jimmy,''hello, johnson!' he said.and johnson replied: 'hello. what are you doing here this time of night?' the constable asked. 'you should be at home now.''we've been to the fair,' said kathleen. 'there was an unusual conjurer there,''heard about him,' said johnson; 'all fake, you know.'such is fame. gerald, standing in the shadow, jingled the money in his pocket.'what's that?' the policeman asked quickly.'our money jingling,' said jimmy, with perfect truth.'it's well to have pockets full of money,' said johnson remarked.'well, why haven't you?' asked mabel. 'why don't you get that twenty pounds reward?''i'll tell you why i don't. because you can't arrest a per-son on suspicion, even if you know well who did the job."'and who do you think did it?' asked jimmy.''i don't think - i know. it's a man known to the police for many crimes he's done, but we never can get enough evidence against him.''well,' said jimmy, 'after school i'll come to you and be a detective. just now i think we'd better go home and detect our supper. good night!'when the policeman disappeared in the police-station, they heard gerald's voice.'you've no more brains than a halfpenny bun,' he said; 'no details about how and when the silver was taken.''but he told us he knew,' said jimmy.'yes, that's all you've got out of him. go home and detect your supper! it's all you can do.''what'll you do about supper?' mabel asked.'buns!' said gerald, 'halfpenny buns. i hope you can buy buns? i can't go into a shop in this state.'while cathy and jimmy were in the shop, gerald spoke to mabel about his plans of starting a detective career.'the invisible detective may not only find out about the purse and the silver, but detect some crime that isn't even done yet. i can follow suspiciously-looking people and catch them red-handed.''oh!' suddenly cried mabel. 'oh, how awful! i never thought of that before.''never thought of what?' asked gerald.'the window.''what window?''the paneled-room window. at the castle. we left it open, and all the jewels and things there. aunt never goes in. i must go home now this minute.'when the others came out of the shop, the situation was explained to them.'aunt will be cross,' said mabel sadly. 'as we left the key inside the door, she'll have to ask the gardeners to get a ladder and-''i can help you!' said gerald. 'i'll climb in, close the window and get out.''won't you be afraid?' mabel asked. 'you can be caught?''no, i can't be,' answered gerald. he expected the question about danger from kathleen, but all kathleen said was, 'well, good-bye; we'll come and see you tomorrow, mabel. the temple of flora at half-past ten.''leave the pantry window open for me so i can get in when i've done my detecting,' said gerald gloomily. then he took the bag with the buns and caught mabel's hand. 'come on, mabel.'jimmy and kathleen explained to mademoiselle that jerry had a headache and couldn't come to supper. after supper they went to bed. they didn't worry at all about their brother.it was the aunt herself who opened the door to a very pale mabel. she made a step towards mabel.'you naughty, naughty girl!' she cried angrily; 'how could you do this to me? oh, mabel, thank heaven you're safe!' and with that the aunt's arms went round mabel and mabel's round the aunt as if they had never met before.'but you didn't seem to care about me this morning,' said mabel.'how do you know?''i was there listening. don't be angry, auntie.''my dear,' said the aunt slowly, 'i've been in a sort of trance. i've always been fond of you, but i didn't want to spoil you. but yesterday quite suddenly i felt as if you didn't matter at all. i felt the same when i got your letter and when those children came. and today i suddenly woke up and realized that you were gone. it was awful. oh, mabel, why did you do it?''it was a joke,' said mabel. and then the two went in and the door was shut.'that's very strange,' said gerald, outside; 'looks like more magic to me. there's more about this castle than meets the eye.'there certainly was. as gerald was walking alone and invisible through the shadowy great garden to look for the open window of the paneled room he began to feel - well, not excited, not surprised, not worried, but different.he had an extraordinary feeling so difficult to describe, and yet so real and so unforgettable - the feeling that he was in another world. the feeling was very wonderful; perhaps you will feel it someday. there are still some places in the world where it can be felt.something white moved under a tree. a white figure came out, a creature with horns and goat's legs and the head and arms of a boy. and gerald was not afraid. the white thing rolled on the grass and ran away across the lawn. then gerald saw the pedestal of a statue - empty.'the statues come alive,' he said; and another white shape came out of the temple of flora and disappeared in the bushes.then something enormously long and darkly grey came towards him, slowly, heavily. the moon came out just in time to show its shape. it was of those great dinosaurs, which lived millions of years ago when they were masters of the world, before man was.'it can't see me,' said gerald. 'i am not afraid. it's come to life, too.'he touched the side of its gigantic tail. it was of stone. it turned, however, at the touch; but gerald also had turned, and was running with all his speed towards the house. it was fear that he ran from, and not the moving stone beast.he stood some time under the window, then he climbed into the room. once inside the room, gerald turned for another look. the statue stood calm on its pedestal. everything was in its place now in the garden, nothing moved.'how extraordinary!' said gerald. 'i never thought i could go through a garden and dream like that.'he shut the window, turned the key, went out, locked the door again and went to the end of the passage.'i wonder where the kitchen is,' said gerald. he had quite forgotten that he was a detective. he wanted only to get home and tell the others about that unusual dream that he had had in the garden.he opened many doors, but he could not find the kitchen. at last he opened a door, and someone inside said something.gerald stood back against the wall, as a man ran to look into the passage.'all right,' said the man, with relief. 'the door opened, it's heavy - that's all.''i thought it was the police that time!' said another voice.they closed the door again. gerald did not mind. he didn't like the look of those men. he felt that they were dangerous. and gerald had seen what he wanted to see. by wonderful luck - beginner's luck - he had discovered a burglary on the very first night of his detective career. the men were taking silver out of two great boxes and packing it in sacks.gerald turned and went away, very carefully and very quickly. what shall he do? he stopped and thought hard. then he took a pencil and a note-book and wrote:'you know the room where the silver is. burglars are taking silver. send a man for police. i will follow the burglars if they get away before police arrive'he hesitated a moment, and ended-''from a friend- this is not a sell.'then gerald tied the letter round a stone and threw it into the room where mabel and her aunt were having supper.he saw the stone picked up, the letter read.'nonsense!' said the aunt.'oh! please send for the police, like he says,' asked mabel.'like who says?' said the aunt.'whoever it is,' mabel moaned. 'it's true - i know it's true. please wake bates!''i don't believe a word of it,' said the aunt, but she asked bates to go for the police.when the police arrived the door of the room was open, and the silver was gone.it was five in the morning when gerald finally got into his bed, tired and cold.'master gerald!' - it was eliza's voice in his ears - 'it's seven o clock and another fine day, and there's been another burglary - oh!' she screamed as she came up to his bed. kathleen came running from her room; jimmy sat up in his bed.'what's up?' kathleen cried.eliza sat down heavily on a box as she spoke. "at first his bed was all empty and black and he was not in it, and when i looked again he was in it. i'll tell mam'selle of you, with your tricks.''look here,' said gerald slowly; 'i'm going to tell you something. can you keep a secret?''yes,' said eliza.'then keep it and i'll give you two shillings.''but what were you going to tell me?''that. about the two shillings and the secret. and you must keep your mouth shut.''i will,' said eliza, holding out her hand.'oh, i'm so glad you're safe,' said kathleen, when eliza had gone.'you didn't seem to care much last night,' said gerald coldly. 'i can't think how i let you go. i didn't care last night. but i woke this morning and remembered!''how did you get visible?' jimmy asked. 'it just happened when she called me - the ring came off.' 'tell us all about everything,' said kathleen. 'not yet,' said gerald mysteriously. 'where's the ring?' jimmy asked after breakfast, 'i want to have a try now.''i expect it's in the bed somewhere,' said gerald. but it wasn't. eliza had made the bed. 'there was no ring there,' she said. 'i swear'