but mr. button persisted in his unwavering purpose. benjamin was a baby, and a baby he should remain. at first he declared that if benjamin didn't like warm milk he could go without food altogether, but he was finally prevailed upon to allow his son bread and butter, and even oatmeal by way of a compromise. one day he brought home a rattle and, giving it to benjamin, insisted in no uncertain terms that he should "play with it," whereupon the old man took it with - a weary expression and could be heard jingling it obediently at intervals throughout the day.there can be no doubt, though, that the rattle bored him, and that he found other and more soothing amusements when he was left alone. for instance, mr. button discovered one day that during the preceding week be had smoked more cigars than ever before - a phenomenon, which was explained a few days later when, entering the nursery unexpectedly, he found the room full of faint blue haze and benjamin, with a guilty expression on his face, trying to conceal the butt of a dark havana.this, of course, called for a severe spanking, but mr. button found that he could not bring himself to administer it. he merely warned his son that he would "stunt his growth."nevertheless he persisted in his attitude. he brought home lead soldiers, he brought toy trains, he brought large pleasant animals made of cotton, and, to perfect the illusion which he was creating - for himself at least - he passionately demanded of the clerk in the toy - store whether "the paint would come oft the pink duck if the baby put it in his mouth." but, despite all his father's efforts, benjamin refused to be interested. he would steal down the back stairs and return to the nursery with a volume of the encyclopedia britannica, over which he would pore through an afternoon, while his cotton cows and his noah's ark were left neglected on the floor. against such a stubbornness mr. button's efforts were of little avail.the sensation created in baltimore was, at first, prodigious. what the mishap would have cost the buttons and their kinsfolk socially cannot be determined, for the outbreak of the civil war drew the city's attention to other things. a few people who were unfailingly polite racked their brains for compliments to give to the parents - and finally hit upon the ingenious device of declaring that the baby resembled his grandfather, a fact which, due to the standard state of decay common to all men of seventy, could not be denied. mr. and mrs. roger button were not pleased, and benjamin's grandfather was furiously insulted.benjamin, once he left the hospital, took life as he found it. several small boys were brought to see him, and he spent a stiff - jointed afternoon trying to work up an interest in tops and marbles - he even managed, quite accidentally, to break a kitchen window with a stone from a sling shot, a feat which secretly delighted his father.thereafter benjamin contrived to break something every day, but he did these things only because they were expected of him, and because he was by nature obliging.when his grandfather's initial antagonism wore off, benjamin and that gentleman took enormous pleasure in one another's company. they would sit for hours, these two, so far apart in age and experience, and, like old cronies, discuss with tireless monotony the slow events of the day. benjamin felt more at ease in his grandfather's presence than in his parents' - they seemed always somewhat in awe of him and, despite the dictatorial authority they exercised over him, frequently addressed him as "mr."he was as puzzled as any one else at the apparently advanced age of his mind and body at birth. he read up on it in the medical journal, but found that no such case had been previously recorded. at his father's urging he made an honest attempt to play with other boys, and frequently he joined in the milder games - football shook him up too much, and he feared that in case of a fracture his ancient bones would refuse to knit.when he was five he was sent to kindergarten, where he initiated into the art of pasting green paper on orange paper, of weaving coloured maps and manufacturing eternal cardboard necklaces. he was inclined to drowse off to sleep in the middle of these tasks, a habit which both irritated and frightened his young teacher. to his relief she complained to his parents, and he was removed from the school. the roger buttons told their friends that they felt he was too young.by the time he was twelve years old his parents had grown used to him. indeed, so strong is the force of custom that they no longer felt that he was different from any other child - except when some curious anomaly reminded them of the fact. but one day a few weeks after his twelfth birthday, while looking in the mirror, benjamin made, or thought he made, an astonishing discovery. did his eyes deceive him, or had his hair turned in the dozen years of his life from white to iron - gray under its concealing dye? was the network of wrinkles on his face becoming less pronounced? was his skin healthier and firmer, with even a touch of ruddy winter colour? he could not tell. he knew that he no longer stooped, and that his physical condition had improved since the early days of his life."can it be - ?" he thought to himself, or, rather, scarcely dared to think.he went to his father. "i am grown," he announced determinedly. "i want to put on long trousers."his father hesitated. "well," he said finally, "i don't know. fourteen is the age for putting on long trousers - and you are only twelve.""but you'll have to admit," protested benjamin, "that i'm big for my age."his father looked at him with illusory speculation. "oh, i'm not so sure of that," he said. "i was as big as you when i was twelve."this was not true - it was all part of roger button's silent agreement with himself to believe in his son's normality.finally a compromise was reached. benjamin was to continue to dye his hair. he was to make a better attempt to play with boys of his own age. he was not to wear his spectacles or carry a cane in the street. in return for these concessions he was allowed his first suit of long trousers...