'you just wait here a minute,' she said, 'and don't talk while i'm away. this castle is full of magic, and i don't know what will happen if you talk.' and with that she ran out, as jimmy said afterwards, 'most un princess like,' showing as she ran black stockings and black shoes.soon she returned with a tray, which held some bread and cheese and a jug of water.'come along,' said the princess hospitably. 'i couldn't find anything but bread and cheese - but it doesn't matter, because everything's magic here, and unless you have some awful secret fault the bread and cheese will turn into anything you like. what would you like?' she asked kathleen.'roast chicken,' said kathleen, without hesitation.the princess cut a slice of bread and laid it on a dish.'green peas?' asked the princess, cut a piece of cheese and laid it beside the bread.kathleen began to eat the bread, cutting it up with knife and fork as you would eat chicken. she didn't see any chicken and peas, or anything but cheese and dry bread.'if i have an awful secret, it is a secret, even from me,' she told herself.the others asked for roast beef and cabbage and got it, she supposed, though to her it only looked like dry bread and dutch cheese. for herself the princess chose a piece of roast peacock.'it's a game, isn't it?' asked jimmy suddenly.'what's a game?' asked the princess, frowning.'pretending it's beef - the bread and cheese, i mean.''a game? but it is beef. look at it,' said the princess, opening her eyes very wide.'yes, of course,' said jimmy. 'i was only joking.'bread and cheese is not perhaps so good as roast beef or chicken or peacock, but bread and cheese is, at any rate, very much better than nothing at all. everyone ate and drank and felt much better.'now,' said the princess, 'you can come and see my treasures.'she got up and they, followed her down the long hall to the great stone stairs. under the stairs behind a heavy curtain there was a little door.'this is the door leading to my private apartments,' said the princess.she opened the door, and they went straight on - in the dark.soon they reached another door. the princess took the key from the outside of the door, put it in the keyhole, and turned it.the room they were in was small and high. its ceiling was deep blue with gold stars. the walls were of wood, paneled, and there was no furniture in it at all.'this,' said the princess, 'is my treasure chamber.''but where,' asked kathleen politely, 'are the treasures?''don't you see them?' asked the princess.'no, we don't,' said jimmy. 'you don't come that bread- and-cheese game with me - not again!''if you really don't see them,' said the princess, 'i sup-pose i shall have to say the charm. close your eyes, please. and give me your word of honor you won't look till i tell you, and that you'll never tell anyone what you've seen.'the children gave their words of honor rather reluctant - and closed their eyes.'wiggadil yougadoo begadee leegadeeve nowgadow?' said the princess rapidly. then they heard a creaking noise.'she's locking us in!' cried jimmy.'your word of honor,' whispered gerald.'you may look,' said the voice of the princess. and they looked. the room was not the same room, yet - yes, the blue ceiling was there, but now the walls sparkled with white and blue and red and green and gold and silver. there were shelves around the room, and on them were gold cups and silver dishes, and ornaments of gold and silver, tiaras of diamonds, necklaces of rubies, emeralds and pearls.the three children remained breathless, open-mouthed, looking at the sparkling treasures all about them, while the princess stood with a proud smile on her lips.'can i do magic, or can't i?' she asked triumphantly.'you can; oh, you can!' said kathleen.'may we - may we touch' asked gerald.'all that's mine is yours,' said the princess, and added quickly, 'only, of course, you mustn't take anything away with you.''we're not thieved' said jimmy. the others were already turning over the wonderful things on the shelves.'perhaps not,' said the princess, 'but you're a very unbelieving little boy. i say, let's all dress up and you be princes and princesses too.'the children decorated themselves with diadems, neck-laces, and rings.kathleen stood quite still with a diamond bracelet raised in her hand.'i say,' she said. 'the king and queen?''what king and queen?' asked the princess.'your father and mother,' said kathleen. 'won't they be wanting to see you, after a hundred years, you know?''oh - ah - yes,' said the princess slowly. 'i embraced my parents when i got the bread and cheese. they're having their dinner.''look here,' said gerald, 'if you're sure your father and mother don't expect you, let's go out and have a good game of something - unless you can do any more magic tricks''you forget,' said the princess, 'i'm grown up. i don't play games. and i don't like to do too much magic at a time, it's so tiring. besides, we must put all these things back in their proper places.'as kathleen was putting the last shining ornament into its proper place, she saw more rings and brooches and chains and other things, and all were of ordinary metal.'what's all this rubbish?' she asked.'rubbish, indeed!' said the princess. 'why those are all magic things! this bracelet - anyone who wears it has got to speak the truth. this chain makes you as strong as ten men.''what does this brooch do?' asked kathleen, reaching out her hand. the princess caught her by the wrist.'you mustn't touch,' she said; 'if anyone but me touches them all the magic goes out at once and never comes back. that brooch will give you any wish you like.''and this ring?' jimmy pointed.'oh, that makes you invisible.''i say,' said gerald, excited. 'could you show us how some of the things act? couldn't you give us each a wish?''no,' said the princess suddenly, 'it can't give wishes to you, it only gives me wishes. but i'll let you see the ring make me invisible. only you must close your eyes while i do it.'they closed them.'count fifty,' said the princess, 'and then you may look. and then you must close them again, and count fifty, and i'll reappear.'gerald counted, aloud. through the counting they could hear a creaking sound.'forty-nine, fifty!' said gerald, and they opened their eyes.they were alone in the room. the jewels had disappeared and so had the princess.'that is magic,' said kathleen breathlessly.gerald began counting again. he and kathleen had both closed their eyes. but somehow jimmy hadn't. he didn't mean to cheat, he just forgot. and as gerald's count reached twenty he saw a panel under the window open slowly.'i knew it was a trick!' he said to himself and at once closed his eyes, like an honorable little boy.on the word 'fifty' six eyes opened. and the panel was closed and there was no princess.'i believe there's a cupboard under the window,' said jimmy, 'and she's hidden in it. secret panel, you know.''you looked! that's cheating,' said the voice of the princess so close to his ear that he quite jumped.'i didn't cheat.'though the children heard her voice still there was no princess to be seen.'come back again. princess dear,' said kathleen. 'shall we close our eyes and count again?''don't be silly!' said the voice of the princess.'we're not silly,' said jimmy. you know you're only hiding.''if you're hiding, as jimmy says, you'd better come out. if you've really turned invisible, you'd better make yourself visible again,' said gerald.'do you really mean,' asked a voice quite changed, 'that you can't see me?''no, i tell you,' said jimmy."you are really invisible. look in the glass,' said gerald.there was a silence, and then the children heard a cry of despair.'oh - oh - oh! i am invisible. what shall i do?''take the ring off,' said kathleen, suddenly practical.another silence.'i can't!' cried the princess, it won't come off. but it can't be the ring. i was only playing at magic. i just hid in the secret cupboard - it was only a game. oh, whatever shall i do?''a game?' said gerald slowly; 'but you can do magic - the invisible jewels, and you made them come visible.'oh, it's only a secret spring and the paneling slides up. oh, what shall i do!''don't cry, dear,' said kathleen; 'let me go and tell the king and queen.''the-''your royal father and mother.''oh, don't mock me!' said the poor princess. 'you know that was only a game, too, like -''like the bread and cheese,' said jimmy triumphantly. 'i knew that was!''but your dress and being asleep in the maze, and -''oh, i dressed up for fun, because everyone's away at the fair, and i put the clue just to make it all more real. i was playing at the sleeping beauty first, and then i heard you talking in the maze, and i thought what fun; and now i'm invisible, and i don't know what to do.'but if you're not the princess, who are you?' asked kathleen.'i'm - my aunt lives here,' said the invisible princess. 'she may be home any time. oh, what shall i do?''perhaps she knows some charm -''oh, nonsense!' said the voice sharply; 'she doesn't be-live in charms. she would be so cross.'let's go out into the garden, near the lake, where it's cool, and we can discuss it,' gerald said kindly. 'you'll like that, won't you?''let's go down to the temple of flora, by the lake,' said the voice.the three children and the invisible princess went down to the white marble temple of flora that stood close against the side of the little hill, and sat down inside it. it was cool and quiet there.'well,' said gerald, 'first of all, what's your name, and if you're not a princess, who are you?''i'm - i'm,' said a crying voice, 'i'm the housekeeper's - niece - at - the - castle - and my name's mabel prowse.''that's exactly what i thought,' said jimmy, without a shadow of truth, because how could he? the others were silent, because they didn't know what to think of it.'well, anyhow,' said gerald, 'you live here.''yes,' said the voice. 'oh yes, i live here right enough, but what's the use of living anywhere if you're invisible?'