'where?' said lord yalding.'here,' said mabel impatiently, 'only i can't find it.' and she couldn't. mabel's careful fingers felt the whole paneling. the spring was simply not there.'you see!' said lord yalding severely. 'i've had enough of this silly business. give me the ring; it's mine, as you found it somewhere here and don't say another word about all this rubbish of magic and enchantment.''gerald's got the ring,' said mabel miserably.'then go and find him,' said lord yalding - 'both of you.'soon the four children came back together.'they don't believe about the jewels,' said mabel, suddenly in tears, 'and i can't find the spring. it was here, and-'her fingers felt it as she spoke; and as she stopped speaking the panels opened, and everyone saw the shelves full of jewels.'my god!' said lord yalding and mademoiselle.'but why now' asked mabel. 'why not before?''i think it's magic,' said gerald. 'there's no real spring here, and it couldn't act because the ring wasn't here. phoebus told us the ring was the heart of all the magic.'gerald gave the ring to lord yalding. soon the children and mademoiselle returned to school.in the evening and at breakfast mademoiselle was happy and kind. then lord yalding came to see her. the meeting took place in the drawing-room. soon lord yalding went out of the drawing-room leaving the door open, and gerald, going up to his room for a pencil, heard the sobs. mademoiselle was quite certainly crying.'they're beginning to quarrel already' he said to himself. he went into the drawing-room, shutting the door behind him.'it is all over,' mademoiselle was saying, 'he will not marry me!'gerald was certain that the matter was somehow the fault of that ring. and in this gerald was right. as you remember gerald had very pretty ways with grown-ups when he wanted. so he persuaded her to tell him what had happened.'the story, as told by mademoiselle, was certainly an unusual one. lord yalding, last night after dinner, had walked in the park-''i know,' said gerald; 'and he had the ring on. and he saw-''he saw the monuments become alive,' sobbed mademoiselle; 'he remembered your story and wished himself a statue. then he swam in the lake and had a feast with gods on an island. at dawn he became a real man again. he says that it's not a dream; he thinks that he's mad. and a mad man must not marry. there is no hope.''there,' said gerald. 'he's not mad, and it's not a dream. it's magic. did he talk to the gods?''this is the most mad of all his ideas. he says that the gods asked him to come to some temple tomorrow when the moon rises.''right,' cried gerald, 'dear nice, kind, pretty made-moiselle, stop crying. tomorrow he will go to that temple. we will go. he'll see that he isn't mad, and you'll understand all about everything.'mademoiselle half sobbed, half smiled and said: 'is it some of your tricks, like the ghost?''i can't explain,' said gerald, 'but everything is going to be exactly what you wish.''i believe you,' said mademoiselle.and now it is near moonrise. the french teacher and the four children are going over the grass. they go across the lawn and through the wood and come at last to a ring of big stones. it is the temple of strange stones. in the middle of the circle there is a great flat stone. something dark moves in the circle. mademoiselle goes to it and takes its arm. it is lord yalding, and he is telling her to go.'never!' she cries. 'if you are mad, i am mad too, because i believe the story these children tell. and i am here to be with you.'the children, holding hands near the flat stone, listen, trying not to listen.'are you not afraid?' lord yalding is saying.gerald goes to them to say: 'you can't be afraid if you are wearing the ring. and i'm sorry, but we can hear every word you say.'she laughs again. 'it doesn't matter,' she says, 'you already know that we love each other.'then lord yalding puts the ring on her finger, and they stand together.then the first moonbeam touches the far end of the central stone, now it gets nearer and nearer to the middle of it, now at last it touches the very heart and centre of that great stone. and a fountain of light comes out of it. everything changes. there are no more secrets. there is no time or space. it is a moment and it is eternity.at that moment six people saw many moving shapes. the great beasts came first, strange forms that were when the world was new - gigantic dinosaurs, mammoths, strange birds. then, not from the garden but from very far away, came the stone gods of egypt with the heads of animals and birds, all in stone, and all alive; figures of angels with wings, sphinxes, idols from southern islands; and, last of all, the beautiful marble shapes of the gods and goddesses whom they had seen on the lake-island.the children had thought to ask many questions, but now no one spoke a word, because they were in the circle of the real magic where all things are understood without speech.all the stone creatures gathered round the stone. then all the faces turned upward and cried one word: 'the light!' and the sound of their voice was like the sound of a great wave.and then the light disappeared, and with it disappeared all the stone figures.'i want to go to the cave on the island,' said the french girl.very quietly they went down to the boat-house, crossed the lake in a boat and came to the island. then they found the steps.they went down into the hall of psyche.it was the hall of granted wishes.'the ring' said lord yalding.'the ring,' said his lover, 'is the magic ring given long ago to people, and it is what you say it is. a lady of my house gave it to your ancestor and asked him to build her a garden and a house like her own palace and garden in her own land. this place is built partly by his love and partly by that magic. she never lived to see it; that was the price of the magic.''only one wish is left now,' her voice went on. 'shall i wish?''yes - wish,' they said, all of them.'i wish, then,' said lord yalding's lover, 'that all the magic this ring has done may be undone, and that the ring itself may be just a symbol of our love.'as soon as she said these words the enchanted light and the windows of granted wishes disappeared. and where psyche's statue had been was a stone.'it is her grave,' the girl said.next day no one could remember anything at all exactly. but many things were changed. when mademoiselle woke in her own bed in the morning she had in her hand not the magic ring but the plain gold ring (later it was used in the wedding ceremony). more than half the jewels in the paneled room were gone, and those that remained lay just on the shelves. there was no passage at the back of the temple of flora. quite a lot of the secret passages and hidden rooms had disappeared. and there were fewer statues in the garden. however, the jewels that were left were quite enough to pay for everything.all the ring-magic was undone so suddenly that it was difficult to believe that any magic had ever happened. but how then could you explain the paragraph, which appeared in the evening papers the day after the magic of the moon-rising?'mysterious disappearance of a well- known businessman''mr u. w. ugli,' the papers said, 'had remained late, working at his office. when in the morning the office door was opened, the police found the clothes of this gentleman on the floor, together with an umbrella, a walking stick and a golf club. his body was not found.'