'we must have some sort of play during the holidays,' said kathleen, when she had unpacked and arranged the boys' clothes in the drawers, feeling very grown-up. 'let's write a book about what schools really are like. people would read it and say how clever we were.''more likely expel us,' said gerald. 'no; we'll have an out-of-doors game. we could get a cave and keep stores in it.''there aren't any caves,' said jimmy. 'and, besides, mademoiselle won't let us go out alone.''don't worry,' said gerald. 'i'll go and talk to her.'it was a thin and interesting-looking boy that knocked at the door of the room where the french teacher sat reading a book. gerald could always make himself look interesting when he met new grown-ups. it was done by opening his grey eyes rather wide, and having a nice expression.'i hope i am not disturbing you,' said gerald, when he came in.'bat no,' she said. 'what is it that you want?''i decided to come and say how do you do,' said gerald, because you are the lady of the house.''you are a very polite little boy, she said.'not at all,' said gerald, more polite than ever. 'i am so sorry for you, because you'll have to look after us in the holidays.''but not at all,' said mademoiselle in her turn. 'i am sure you will be very good children.''we'll try,' he said honestly. 'we don't want to give you any trouble at all. and i was thinking it would be less trouble for you if we could go out into the woods tomorrow and take our dinner with us - something cold, you know.'mademoiselle laughed and gerald laughed too.'little deceiver!' she said. 'why not say at once you want to be free of over watching?''you have to be careful with grown-ups,' said gerald.'your parents, they permit these days at woods?''oh, yes,' said gerald truthfully.'then i will not be more a dragon than the parents.''thank you!' said gerald. 'is there anything we can do for you - wind your wool, or find your spectacles, or-?''he thinks me a grandmother!' said mademoiselle, laughing more than ever.'well, what luck?' the others asked.'it's all right,' said gerald. 'i told you it would be.''i don't believe you. she's too stern,' said kathleen.'ah!' said gerald, 'that's only because you don't know how to manage her. she wasn't stern with me.'next morning the children went to explore the woods.'but are there any woods?' asked kathleen as they passed the market-place.'it doesn't much matter about woods,' said gerald dreamily, 'i'm sure we'll find something. one of the boys told me his father said when he was a boy there was a little cave near the salisbury road; but he said there was an enchanted castle there too, so perhaps the cave isn't true either.'finally they came to a place where the road, as gerald said, went two ways at once.'that looks like adventures,' said kathleen; and they turned to the right, then turned to the left, 'so as to be quite fair,' jimmy said, and then to the right again and to the left again, and so on, till they were completely lost.'completely,' said kathleen; 'how interesting!'the adventurers decided to sit down and have something to eat. and as they sat and rested, gerald leaned back against the bushes and almost fell over backward. he stood up and said. 'i couldn't feel anything but air, it's a hole there.' the other two pulled back the bushes. there certainly was a hole in the bank. 'i'm going in,' said gerald. he put his knee on a stone and disappeared.'you all right?' asked jimmy.'yes; come on.'he helped kathleen and jimmy to get in.'it is a cave,' said kathleen.they could see that they were in a dark stone cave three or four yards long, which turned then sharply to the right.the adventurers turned the corner and saw a round arch. they passed through the arch into a deep, narrow passage whose banks were of stones. on the top of the banks grew trees, and the sunlight came through their branches, turning the passage to a corridor of gold-green. at the end of it was another found arch, quite dark inside, above which rose rocks and grass and bushes.'it's like a railway tunnel,' said james.'it's the entrance to the enchanted castle,' said kathleen.at the dark arch they stopped.'there are steps down,' said jimmy.very slowly and carefully they went down the steps. gerald struck a match and they saw a passage, turning to the left. they went on, following their leader. the passage was very dark.'i don't like it!' whispered jimmy.then the children saw daylight that grew and grew. the passage finally ended in another arch. they passed through the arch and came to a marble terrace, which was white in the sunlight. it was a fantastic view like a picture out of a book about italy. immediately below them was a lake with swans and an island; beyond it were green slopes covered with trees, and amid the trees they saw white statues. to the left there was a round white building with pillars, and to the right - a waterfall. away across the grassy slopes they saw deer.'it is an enchanted castle,' said kathleen.'i don't see any castle,' said jimmy.'what do you call that, then?' gerald pointed to white towers beyond the trees. 'it is an enchanted castle,' said gerald.'but there aren't any.' jimmy was quite positive.'how do you know? do you think there's nothing in the world but what you've seen?''i think magic went out when people began to have steam- engines,' jimmy insisted, 'and newspapers, and telephones.''perhaps there's no magic because people don't believe in it anymore,' said kathleen.'well, don't let's spoil the show with any silly old not believing,' said gerald with decision. 'i'm going to believe in magic as hard as i can. this is an enchanted garden, and that's an enchanted castle, and i'm going to explore them.'there never was such a garden out of a picture or a fairy-tale. they passed quite close by the deer, who only raised their pretty heads to look, and were not afraid at all. then they came into a rose-garden, red and pink and green and white in the sun, like a giant's many-colored handkerchief.the feeling of magic got thicker and thicker, till they were almost afraid of the sound of their feet in the great silent place. beyond the rose garden was a hedge with an arch cut in it, and it was the beginning of a maze.it was impossible to get to the middle of the maze. again and again they found themselves at the arch. it was when they found themselves there for the fourth time that jimmy suddenly cried, 'oh, where's the dinner?' and then in silence they all remembered that the basket with the dinner had been left at the entrance of the cave.'let's go back,' said jimmy, 'now this minute, and get our things and have our dinner.''let's have one more try at the maze. i hate giving things up,' said gerald. 'what's that?''that' was a red cotton thread. gerald picked it up. one end of it was tied to a thimble with holes in it, and the other -'there is no other end,' said gerald, with firm triumph. 'it's a clue - that's what it is. i've always felt something magic would happen someday, and now it has.''i think the gardener put it there,' said jimmy.'with a princess's silver thimble on it? look! there's a crown on the thimble.'there was.'come,' said gerald, 'if you are adventurers be adventurers.'he walked forward, winding the red thread round his fingers as he went. the red clue led them to the middle of the maze. there was a sun-dial there, and all round against the hedge a low, wide marble seat. the red clue ended in a small brown hand with rings on every finger. the hand belonged to a lady who lay on the stone seat asleep in the sun. she was wearing a wonderful rosy-gold silk dress; a thin white veil with silver stars covered the face.'it's the enchanted princess,' said gerald, now really impressed. 'i told you so.''it's the sleeping beauty,' said kathleen, 'it is - look how old-fashioned her clothes are. she has slept for a hundred years. oh, gerald, you're the eldest; you must be the prince, and we never knew it.'she very gently lifted the edge of the veil and turned it back. the princess's face was small and white. it was surrounded by long black hair. her nose was straight; there were a few freckles on cheekbones and nose.'no wonder,' whispered kathleen, 'sleeping all these years in all this sun! but she is lovely!' 'not so dusty,' said gerald.'now, jerry,' said kathleen firmly, 'you've got to kiss and wake the princess.''not me!' declared gerald. 'she'd go for me the minute she woke up.''i can kiss her,' said jimmy. 'i'm not a coward, like some people.'and before gerald could say a word jimmy loudly kissed the princess on her pale cheek, and now the three stood breathless, waiting for the result.and the result was that the princess opened large, dark eyes, stretched out her arms, yawned a little, covering her mouth with a small brown hand, and said:'then the hundred years are over? which of you is my prince that woke me from my deep sleep?''i did,' said jimmy fearlessly, for she did not look as though she were going to slap anyone. 'but you aren't really a princess, are you?''of course i am,' she answered. 'look at my crown!' she pulled aside the veil, and showed beneath it a crown decorated with diamonds.'how did you get past the dragons?' asked the princess.gerald ignored the question. 'i say,' he said, 'do you really believe in magic, and all that?''i ought to, if anybody does,' she said and showed a little scar on her wrist from the spindle.'then this really is an enchanted castle?''of course it is,' said the princess. 'how stupid you are!' she stood up.'let's go back to the castle,' she said, 'and i'll show you all my lovely jewels and things. wouldn't you like that?''yes,' said gerald with hesitation. 'but-''but what?' the princess's tone was impatient.'but we're most awfully hungry.''oh, so am i!' cried the princess. 'i haven't had anything to eat for a hundred years. come along to the castle.''the mice have eaten everything,' said jimmy sadly. he saw now that she really was a princess.'not they,' cried the princess. 'you forget everything's enchanted here. time simply stood still for a hundred years.