the informer's great fear is of discovery and revenge, so the police hide informers in order to protect them. when the police brought biko into captain de wet's office they held him in a chair in front of a large box, the kind used for a fridge. there was a hole in the box, and through the hole biko saw a pair of eyes and part of a black face.'that's him,' a voice said from within the box. 'that's the man who made the speech.'captain de wet stepped in front of biko and smiled down at him as the informer moved out of the back of the box and went out of the door. the two detectives stood behind biko's chair.'you know i don't call for violence, de wet,' biko said, 'but don't make the mistake of treating me without respect.''out of your banning area, talking to a crowd,' de wet said slowly, the smile no longer on his face. 'you're going to be in big trouble soon. you'll be up there in court facing all kinds of charges.'biko was unafraid. 'on what evidence? what's his name?' he nodded towards the box. 'captain de wet, you aren't going to send me to court in pretoria on the evidence of an informer in a box, are you?' de wet did not answer and biko smiled. 'everyone knows that an informer will say anything.'de wet paused and then bent his head to look straight into biko's eyes. 'you are a bit of poison, biko,' he said slowly. 'and i'm going to see you in prison.'biko smiled again. 'not with that kind of evidence. hell, we don't want you looking like a fool.'in a flash of anger de wet lifted his hand to hit biko in the face. but biko moved sideways fast, and the hand missed him.'don't!' biko said, controlling his own anger.the two detectives held biko's arms and pulled him back tight against the chair. biko continued to stare at de wet, challenging him with the anger in his eyes. de wet glanced at the two detectives and then quickly hit biko across the face, knocking his head to one side and bringing blood to his mouth. biko pulled his head back, the blood running down his chin, but his eyes were still fixed on de wet. de wet, satisfied that biko understood who was boss in this building, nodded to the two detectives to release biko's arms.instantly, biko jumped up and hit de wet across the face with similar force. de wet almost fell, banging into the box, blood pouring from his nose. the two detectives were on biko immediately, pushing him back across the room, one of them pulling out a short, heavy stick.'no! wait! no, man, don't beat him!' de wet shouted in afrikaans. it stopped the detectives. de wet moved slowly back across the room, wiping the blood from his face. 'remember, he's going to be a witness at another trial. we don't want him to look as if something happened to him.'finally de wet came face to face with biko. he studied him with cold hatred. 'you're lucky, biko - lucky.'biko was still held firmly by the two detectives, but he did not respond to the hatred in de wet's voice. 'i just expect to be treated in the same way as you expect to be treated,' he declared.'treated like a white man? you and your big ideas,' de wet replied.biko smiled. 'if you're afraid of ideas, you'd better give in now.''we shall never give in,' de wet growled.the two detectives were holding biko tighter and tighter but he remained smiling and struggled to speak. 'come on,' he said, 'don't be afraid. once you try, you'll see that there's nothing to be afraid of. we're just as weak and human as you are.'for a second de wet did not understand, but then the idea hit him. his face went red with anger. 'we're going to catch you one day, then we'll see how human you are.'de wet wanted the depth of hatred in that threat to be clearly understood by biko. he wanted biko to live with that threat, to live with that promise of revenge every day and every night of his life. when he felt biko understood, he nodded to the two detectives.'throw him out,' he said. and the two detectives pulled biko from the chair, through the police station, and threw him out of the side door into the street.it was a quite different steve biko who entered the witness box two weeks later in a court in pretoria, the capital of south africa, eight hundred kilometres north of king william's town. he was dressed in a suit, a tie, a white shirt. as he put his hand out to swear on the bible, he stood tall and proud, the physical equal of anyone in the court. his intelligence was going to be tested by the state prosecutor and judge regter.two years earlier two students' organizations had arranged a large meeting in support of the new government in mozambique. the south african government banned the meeting and arrested a group of black consciousness leaders who were helping to organize it. for a long time they were kept in prison without being charged, but at last charges were brought against them and biko - who was involved with both the students' organizations - was called as the main witness for the defence.the state prosecutor began. 'this student organization declares that "south africa is a country in which both black and white shall live together". what does that mean?'biko did not hesitate. 'it means that we believe south africa needs all parts of the community.'the prosecutor was a little surprised by biko's quick response. 'i see. are you familiar with the language of some of the documents which the defendants have discussed with black groups?''yes, since i wrote some of the documents.''ah, you did? the one which noted the terrorism of the government?''correct.'this short answer surprised the prosecutor even further. wendy - who had come to pretoria for the trial and was sitting in the white area of the court - glanced across at ntsiki and mamphela, sitting in the black area of the court, and they exchanged an anxious smile.'you say "terrorism". do you honestly believe that?' the prosecutor asked.'i do,' biko answered. 'i am not talking about words, i am talking about violence - about police beating people, about police shooting people. i am talking about people starving in the townships. i am talking about desperate, hopeless people. i think all that amounts to more terrorism than the words the defendants have spoken. but they stand charged in this court and white society is not charged.'the court was silent. then the prosecutor spoke again. 'so your answer to this is to encourage violence in the black community?''no. we want to avoid violence.'the prosecutor was convinced that biko was now trapped. 'you write here that your true leaders are in prison in robben island, or forced to live overseas. who are these true leaders?''i mean men like nelson mandela, robert sobukwe, govan mbeki.'the prosecutor looked at biko with a smile. 'is it not true that all these men call for black violence?''all these men are willing to struggle and fight against the situation of black people in this country,' biko responded, and there was a murmur of agreement from the black area of the court. the judge frowned in that direction.'so you agree with these men?' the prosecutor continued.'i agree with their concern. their sacrifices for black people have given them the natural support of all of us. even if we do not agree with some of the things they did, they spoke the language of the people, and they will always have a place in our hearts.'again, there was a murmur of agreement from the black area of the court, and again judge regter turned and frowned.'and you do not agree with their call for violence?' asked the prosecutor.'we believe that we can progress without violence.''but your own words call for direct confrontation!''that is right. we will not accept society as it exists in south africa. we demand confrontation.'the prosecutor stared at biko in amazement. surely he was trapped now! 'in other words, you demand violence?''no,' biko replied calmly. 'you and i are now in confrontation, but i see no violence.'there was some laughter, but the prosecutor was silent. judge regter leaned forward. 'but nowhere in these documents do you say that the white government is doing any good.'biko turned to judge regter. 'it does so little good that it is not worth writing about.'this time the laughter was louder, and judge regter glanced round the court. 'but you still think that you can influence the government without violence?''yes, sir.' biko spoke with respect. it was obvious that judge regter was trying to conduct a fair trial. 'i believe that this government will listen to black opinion. prime minister vorster can postpone some problems, but as black voices grow louder, he will be forced to listen; he is going to consider the feelings of black people.'judge regter was still trying to understand. 'but if you accuse the government of terrorism, surely you encourage black violence?'for the first time biko hesitated. he wanted judge regter, and the whole court, and the journalists who were present, to understand what he was going to say. 'black people are aware of the things they suffer. they don't need us to tell them what the government is doing to them.' there was some laughter, and biko smiled. but his face quickly became serious again. 'we are telling them to stop accepting those problems, to confront them. black society has lost hope in itself, it feels defeated. we believe that black people must not give in; they must find ways - even in this situation - to develop hope.hope for themselves, hope for this country. that is the whole point of black consciousness - to build within ourselves a sense of our own humanity, our proper place in the world...'the whole court was silent, filled with biko's own humanity. what had begun as an attack on black consciousness had become a platform for biko's views, for the power and sincerity of his words. the next day, all south african, newspapers printed news of the trial. woods printed biko's words in full.