'it's not worth the risk, is it, steve?' mamphela asked.biko smiled. 'the education of a white liberal? it is a duty.'mamphela was not amused, 'if you get caught outside your banning area, you go to prison. mr woods would only have to write a letter of explanation to the board of his newspaper.''that's what we call justice in south africa, didn't you know?' biko replied.mamphela smiled at that and sat down at the typewriter. she was working in biko's office on a speech she was going to give. 'i don't want them to get you in prison again,' she said.'we won't get caught,' biko said confidently. 'when i put the light on, someone must sit at my desk and read until i get back, that's all.'woods had put on some old clothes for the visit to the black township. he drove out of east london and parked his car in a small country road, about four kilometres from town. there he waited. a few minutes later a black taxi drove up and stopped beside him. the door opened.'get in, man!' mapetla said urgently, and pushed woods into the back seat. this was not easy, because there were already three black men sitting in it. mapetla got in after him and banged the door shut.the car drove away fast, and john qumza, who was driving, looked in the mirror anxiously. 'get him down in the middle! we don't want him sitting up there where no one can miss seeing him!'roughly, mapetla pulled woods down until he was squashed underneath two of the men. woods had already met mapetla mohapi, who worked at the clinic in zanempilo.'you said you were going to wear old clothes,' mapetla said angrily.'but i am!' woods protested.'give him your hat, dyani,' mapetla ordered one of the other men.dyani removed the dirty hat from his head and mapetla pushed it on to woods' grey hair.'pull it all the way down at the back!' john shouted from the driver's seat. john qumza had first met biko at university and was one of the leaders of the black student organization which biko led.mapetla pulled the hat down at the back of woods' head.woods was so squashed that he could not move his hands to adjust the hat himself. 'you might just push the hair out of my eyes, too,' he asked, and mapetla smiled for the first time.the car was a black taxi. the law said that some taxis were for blacks and some for whites only. black taxis were usually very old cars and usually carried as many passengers as could be squashed in them. john turned down another small road and biko stepped out from behind some small acacia trees. he got into the front seat, and one of the men already in the front seat sat on his knees. there were now four men in the front seat and five in the back.biko turned round and glanced at woods. 'you comfortable enough?'everyone laughed. 'hell, he's got the best seat,' mapetla declared.'listen, i'm quite comfortable,' woods said, in his own defence. 'i was brought up in a black homeland, you know.''i know,' biko responded. 'you only drive that mercedes because of the neighbours. a white liberal like you really wants to ride in buses and taxis like us.'everyone laughed again. there was an atmosphere of fun and adventure in the taxi as the men joked with each other. but as the taxi reached the black township outside east london, and moved slowly in a long, dusty line of buses and taxis, the mood changed. they were all silent as they stared out at the crowds of people walking through the little streets. as woods looked at all those black faces, tired and unsmiling, he felt that the whole black world, which he had believed he knew so well, had a life he was totally unaware of. it was getting dark now, and they drove through the streets until most of them were empty and the evening rush was over.'let's stretch our legs,' biko said at last. john stopped the car and they all got out stiffly, bending and stretching their arms and legs.finally, biko stood up and looked at woods, his eyes searching his face. then he smiled tightly. 'let's take a walk.'he led woods off the main street, down a little side path. john and mapetla walked behind them, guarding them. they moved along between the little houses, some with electric lights, others with oil lamps. smoke from wood fires hung over the whole area. several old men were cooking over fires outside. women carried buckets of water from taps on the street. men stood at their doors, watching the street. twice they saw gangs of black youths walking the streets, looking for trouble. it was a new world to woods.they turned a corner and saw a little boy looking out of the door of one of the houses. he checked the street for danger - looking at woods and biko - and then ran as fast as he could to another house down the street.biko spoke for the first time. 'run, son, run,' he said quietly, as they watched the boy go. he turned to woods. 'most of the women here work as domestic servants, so they see their children for a couple of hours on sundays, that's all. this place is full of violence. i'm amazed that children survive here at all.''were you brought up in a township?' woods enquired.'mostly. my father died when i was seventeen and i went away for two years to a school where i was taught by german and swiss priests. but if you do survive in a township and you get the education the white man gives you, then you go to work in their city - you see their houses, their streets, their cars. and you begin to feel there is something not quite right about you. something to do with your blackness. because no matter how stupid or how clever a white child is, he is born into his white world. but you, the black child, clever or stupid, are born into this... and, clever or stupid, you will die in it...'biko's eyes turned to woods. woods did not try to respond to biko's words and they walked on silently. then biko spoke again. 'and even to stay in a legal township like this one, the white boss must sign your pass every month, the white government tells you which house to live in and what the rent is. you can never own land or pass anything on to your children. the land belongs to the white man... and you, all you have got to give your children is this...' and biko touched the black skin of his face.woods had never before understood the emptiness, the despair of the black community. biko's words made him feel it that night, all around him, like something living.