woods drove on, surprised that he was meeting a banned person at an address in the white town. he found the quiet, wide street with trees on both sides. the address was an old church, with small trees around it, and bits of broken fence. woods parked across the street and stared at it for a moment. he noticed two security policemen under a tree not far away. they were obviously biko's 'minders' and woods smiled and waved at them. biko needed watching, woods believed, because he aimed to create separate black organizations, which woods thought dangerous.woods got out of the car and walked across the street to the church door. he rang the rusty bell and immediately the door opened.a young black woman, rather fat, greeted him with a warm smile. 'mr woods?''yes. i'm here to see steve biko,' woods said.a little boy ran to her side, holding on to her skirt and staring shyly at the white man. 'i'm steve's wife, ntsiki,' she said, and opened the door wide.woods was surprised. ntsiki was warm and friendly, not the sort of person he expected. he stepped inside the church and received another surprise. some men and women were painting the walls while others were putting up partitions. some girls were sewing in one corner of the church; there was a library of old books and magazines in another area; two older men were making children's toys in a third area.'we're trying to create a centre where black people can meet during the day; maybe learn something, get information about jobs,' ntsiki said as they walked through the church. the little boy, still holding his mother's skirt, smiled at woods.'and who is this one?' woods asked, smiling down at the boy.'oh, this is nkosinathi. he's sometimes more trouble than his father,' ntsiki said. she opened a side door, smiling again. 'he's waiting for you, mr woods.'woods stepped through the door, and the door shut immediately behind him. he looked around, but could see no one. he was in the church yard, untidy with long grass. there was a huge old tree in the centre whose long, green branches touched the ground, the sun shining through the leaves. there was silence, except for the wind blowing through the leaves of the tree.woods walked forwards, looking for someone. there was a small building at the other side of the yard, but there was no sign of anyone. woods began to feel annoyed. then something near the tree caught his eye. a tall black figure was standing quite still, watching woods.'biko? are you steve biko?' woods called out.the person turned away, moving towards the small building. 'come, follow me.'woods felt even more annoyed. he sighed and walked across the yard to the building. he looked through the open door and saw that it was a small office. the man stood in the shadows behind the desk and woods could not see enough of the face to recognize whether the man was biko or not. the man's large, dark eyes watched woods in silence.'may i come in?' woods finally asked.the person nodded.woods sighed again and stepped into the office. 'i don't have all day to play games, and i...''i would have met you in the church, but as you know i can be with only one person at a time. the system are just across the street.'now that they were face to face woods could see that this man was biko. he was young and handsome; his deep, dark eyes were alive and sensitive. woods knew that 'system' was the word blacks used for any white authority - police, government, army - and that biko was referring to the two security policemen in the street.'of course, you approve of my banning,' biko went on.woods was tempted to say: 'you're right!' but he hesitated; he had come to hear biko's opinions. 'i think your ideas are dangerous; but no, i don't approve of banning,' he said finally.'a true "liberal"!' biko declared.'i'm not ashamed of being a liberal,' woods responded sharply. 'you disapprove of liberals, i understand.'biko smiled. 'disapproval is too strong a word,' he protested. 'i just think that a white liberal, who holds on to the advantages of his white world - jobs, houses, education, mercedes - is perhaps not the right person to tell blacks how they should react to the way this country is governed.'woods nodded coolly. 'i wonder what kind of liberal you would make, mr biko, if you were the one who possessed the house, the job, the mercedes - and the whites lived in the townships.'biko laughed aloud. 'now that is a charming idea. whites in the townships and me in a mercedes.' then he smiled, warm and sincere as his wife, and put out his hand. 'it was good of you to come, mr woods. i've wanted to meet you for a long time.'woods hesitated for a moment, observing the quick change in mood, the intelligence, the unexpected sincerity in the eyes and the warmth of the smile. then he put out his own hand and took biko's.it was the beginning.