monyane listened to moffat's description of the situation and then took the manuscript on biko. he spent about ten minutes reading a passage here, a passage there, while woods walked nervously up and down the other side of the room, glancing out now and then at the rain that was still falling.finally, monyane took off his glasses and put the manuscript down on moffat's desk. he looked at woods without saying anything.bruce looked from woods to monyane, and thought that neither of them was going to begin. 'they can't stay here,' he observed. 'they would never be safe from the south african police.' it was true that the south african government often sent their police into lesotho.'we had hoped to fly to botswana,' woods added. 'the sooner the better.'monyane frowned and pointed at the map of southern africa on the wall of the high commissioner's office. 'to fly anywhere out of lesotho,' he began, 'you have to fly five hundred kilometres over south africa. and the south african government demands that all planes leaving lesotho land in south africa before going on.'desperately, woods looked at moffat. there must be a way! if we flew out anyway, could they force us to land?' he asked.moffat shook his head helplessly. 'the law is the law.''they are not short of planes to force you down,' monyane remarked.woods felt trapped. he had to get wendy and the children somewhere safe when they arrived. 'my wife and children will reach telle bridge in a few hours. at least, can we meet them there?'monyane waved towards the window, in the rains' - he shook his head - 'impossible. but i will make sure that someone meets them and brings them safely here.'it was raining heavily at telle bridge. wendy's parents drove them the two hundred kilometres north through the hills in their van, in case the mercedes caused problems with customs officials. when they arrived at the bridge, wendy and the children ran through the rain to the passport building and pushed open the door.wendy shook the rain from her hair and faced the passport official with a pretence of confidence. 'i'm taking the children over on a little holiday,' she explained.the official shook his head at the crazy things people do. 'you picked good weather for a holiday,' he murmured, pushing a paper at her. 'please write your personal details here. you can include the names of all the children, if they are under eighteen.'wendy smiled at him nervously and wrote quickly.'you haven't put down your husband's name?''oh . . wendy hesitated. 'james.''ok.' the official wrote it down for her. 'and his middle initial?''d,' wendy said positively.the official glanced at her passport and handed it back to her. 'have a good holiday. and try to stay dry.'they went out into the rain again. wendy's mother had found an umbrella in the van, and the boys got out the suitcases. as they began to walk across the bridge, wendy realized how strange they must look to the frontier police. she glanced back at her parents, standing in the rain next to the van, the lights from the passport building throwing long shadows across the road.'god bless you!' her mother called, her voice full of emotion.wendy waved the umbrella and moved on with the children. they reached the middle of the bridge. 'mum!' jane suddenly called, pointing to the ground. a painted line marked the frontier, and wendy felt a wave of relief when all of them had crossed that line.she looked ahead to the lesotho side of the bridge. one light shone in the darkness and under it stood a young man holding a huge umbrella and smiling brightly at wendy. as they came closer, they could see a lesotho government land rover behind the young man, with two soldiers who were also smiling at them.jane passed the suitcase she was carrying to her other hand and put her arm around wendy's waist. wendy leaned down and kissed the top of her head as they walked on towards that huge umbrella.the next morning, having heard the news that his wife and children were safely in lesotho, woods washed the dye from his hair, bought a new tie and went with bruce to the airport. they met mr mcelrea, a canadian, who was the boss of the three planes that flew out of lesotho. he said that he would risk one plane, if its pilot was willing to fly out without landing in south africa. richie de montauk, from new zealand, was called into the office. without a moment's hesitation, he agreed to make the flight.woods and bruce waited at the airport while richie and two mechanics prepared the plane. they had decided to fly south-west of johannesburg - not the normal route - and then on into gaberone, the capital of botswana. woods was walking up and down near the plane when the car arrived, bringing his family.jane and mary jumped out first. 'daddy! daddy!' they screamed.then the boys rushed out of the other side of the car. 'we're here! we got across!'woods held out his arms and the children rushed into them. wendy stood watching for a moment, then she, too, ran forward and kissed him.richie's plane was finally ready and the family began to board. dillon gave woods his bag, still tied with tami's old belt. 'you should have bought a new bag when you bought your new tie, dad,' he said.woods held on to the bag. 'oh no. this goes with me - just as it is - all the way.''donald!' wendy called suddenly.woods turned and saw moffat and mcelrea hurrying towards them. woods took jane's arm. 'help dillon with the other bags,' he said, and went to meet moffat and mcelrea.'the south african government knows about the flight,' moffat said. 'they have refused to allow the plane to fly over south africa. if you do, they will force the plane down.'shocked, woods glanced at wendy.'i don't think they mean it,' mcelrea said. 'the newspapers of the world know about this now, thanks to bruce, and i don't think they would dare.''listen, they don't care about newspapers,' bruce argued. 'donald has already made them look like fools.'richie began to test the engines of the plane and woods had to shout. 'have we got a chance at all?' he asked mcelrea.'it's cloudy,' mcelrea answered. 'richie's a clever pilot. i would say you've got a chance. but the longer you wait, the more time you give them to plan something.'woods hesitated, and at that moment a large black car approached them. john monyane stepped out.'mr woods,' monyane shouted above the noise of the engines. 'chief jonathan has arranged united nations passports for all of you, and he has decided that i should accompany you to botswana. it might make the south africans hesitate. we are not sure, but it is the best we can offer.'woods could hardly believe the generosity of this action, but already monyane was walking quickly towards the plane.a few minutes later the plane was in the air. 'how long before we are over south africa?' woods shouted, looking down at the river below.'thirty seconds!' richie shouted back. 'maseru is right on the border. but i'm going to fly in these clouds for a while.'they flew through the clouds for some time. then there were voices on richie's radio. 'they've picked up the flight,' he shouted. 'they're demanding to know who is on the plane.'before woods could think of anything to say, monyane touched richie's shoulder. 'tell them, one lesotho official and seven holders of united nations passports.'woods smiled and nodded to richie to repeat the message on the radio.for a long time they continued to fly in and out of clouds. at last, they came out into the sun and woods knew they must be close to botswana. woods looked down at the country below them - hills, green farms, cattle. it would always be his country, woods knew that, even though he knew he might never see it again. he held the pages of the manuscript in his bag. woods knew, and biko had believed, that men's minds could be changed; but could they be changed before the price became too high? what a cost had already been paid! the inquest had decided that biko had died after falling down. mapetla had 'hanged himself'. many others had died in custody, trying to change south africa.'dad... look! a city!' duncan called.woods looked out of the window. 'yes, that's it. across the river. we are safe...'and his eyes turned back to that beautiful land of his birth. in his mind he heard the crowd of thousands singing at biko's funeral.god bless africa,raise up her name,hear our prayersand bless us...bless the leaders,bless also the youngthat they may carry the land with patience,in their youth, bless them.bless our effortsto work together and lift ourselvesthrough learning and understanding,god bless us.woza moya! yihla moya!come, spirit! descend, spirit!woza moya oyingcwele!come, holy spirit!and the plane turned its nose down to land.