'all right, evalina,' wendy called. 'i'll get it. charlie! get back here!'there were two men outside the front door. 'yes?' she said. 'can i help you?''mr donald woods? is he available?'at that moment woods appeared, carrying his newspaper, his glasses down his nose. he was a little annoyed at being disturbed. 'i'm donald woods.''you complained to the minister of police?' one of the men, fred lemick, asked.woods smiled. they were police. 'it's all right, wendy,' he said, and wendy took charlie by the collar and pulled him back to the kitchen. 'that's quick! i saw mr kruger only yesterday.''you had a witness,' lemick said.'yes. i explained to mr kruger that i couldn't name him...''you reported a crime, mr woods, and the law states that you must give us the name of the witness.'woods, who had been pleased with the minister's quick action, suddenly realized that he was dealing with a local policeman who did not understand the situation. 'i said that i explained to mr kruger...''you must give us the name of the witness - or you'll go to prison,' lemick repeated. 'that is the law.'it was too much for woods. 'i would have to go back to mr kruger,' he said sharply, 'to report that you...'lemick smiled. 'report to whoever you like,' he interrupted. 'our orders come from the very top.'for a moment woods stared at him. what did he mean, 'the very top'? then he began to understand. 'kruger?' he murmured doubtfully.lemick smiled again, confident now that he was in control of the situation. he glanced at the other detective. 'i didn't say mr kruger - i said from the top.'woods realized from the man's confidence where the order had come from, and he felt that kruger had betrayed him. he stared angrily at lemick. 'the next time he sends you,' he declared bitterly, 'you had better bring a warrant.''the law is on our side,' lemick said confidently.'yes, well, justice is on my side,' woods said angrily. 'we shall see what happens in court.' he started to shut the door but then paused. 'oh, and tell mr kruger that he must come to my house for a whisky one day!'nothing happened for several weeks and woods assumed that kruger had decided not to take the matter to court. he printed a long article by tenjy and mapetla about the damage done to the church, and another flood of gifts poured in. gradually, the damage was repaired. woods decided one thursday afternoon to drive over to the community centre to see how they were progressing. as he left the office, a court official was waiting at the door and handed him an envelope from the court.that afternoon a group of black men were playing rugby in a lonely field outside king william's town. as they played, a white man appeared over the hill and stood, watching them play. when the game was over the two teams started to walk up the hill towards the road, muddy but laughing. someone saw the white figure at the top of the hill.'steve - it's the system!' someone warned.quickly, the players moved until they were surrounding biko.'i'll go and talk to him while you get steve away,' someone offered.but as they moved up the hill, biko felt sure that he recognized that figure. 'it's ok, i think,' he said quietly. the man began to walk towards them, and then biko was sure, 'it's ok,' he repeated loudly, and pulled away from the group.'you're a dirty player,' woods called.'i was taught by a priest,' biko called back. 'what do you expect? are you alone?''all alone,' woods replied.'how did you know i was here?''your wife told me,' woods answered. 'she didn't tell me where the police think you are.'biko laughed. 'they think i'm at the clinic. i came here in the bread van.' he nodded towards a van parked a little way off the field where the other men were getting bottles of beer.'they're taking me to court over the name of the witness,' woods said, as they walked over to the van.biko stared at him in amazement.woods smiled. 'i think they're trying to break off our friendship.'biko looked at woods for a moment. 'i don't know. a few months in prison would finish your education, i think.'some of the other players laughed.'i'm getting my former law teacher, harold levy, to conduct my defence. but i'm not going to name dilima, whatever happens,' woods said. he raised a bottle of beer to biko. 'kruger is obviously serious,' he added, and took a long drink.'one day we shall be the system in this country,' someone growled. 'then, watch out!'biko sat down near woods. 'a rotten policeman is a rotten policeman,' he said quietly. 'he breaks heads for the same reasons. black or white, it isn't worth the price of one child...' there was silence for a moment, then he looked across at woods. 'not to talk of six months in prison for mr woods!'biko and his family lived in a tiny house in the black township outside king william's town. one night, about a week later, biko was working late on an article for woods to be printed in the daily dispatch under another name. suddenly, ntsiki whispered a warning. biko stopped writing and they both listened.'there's someone out there with a torch,' ntsiki whispered.at that moment, someone banged loudly on the front door.biko gathered up the papers he was working on and ntsiki took away the pen. according to the banning order, he was not allowed to write anything, not even a letter.biko went to the front door and opened it a crack, pretending to look sleepy. lemick, the local detective, was there with biko's two regular 'minders'.'yes?' biko growled, pretending he had just woken up.'we have orders to search your house for dangerous documents,' lemick said aggressively.biko nodded coolly. then he smiled at the two regular security police. 'they're keeping you boys up late,' he said sympathetically.lemick was annoyed by this familiarity. 'just open the door!'biko yawned. 'do you have a warrant?'lemick, even more annoyed, pulled the document from his pocket and waved it in front of biko's face.'good,' said biko, in the same sleepy manner. 'bring it to the window over there and i'll read it.' and he shut the door and locked it.lemick was angry, but he decided he would look a fool if he asked the two security policemen to break down the door. sighing heavily, he walked to the side window. in the house, biko made a quick search and gave another paper to ntsiki, who was now holding their younger son, samora, in her arms. then biko went over to the window and opened it at the top.'i'll need your torch,' he said, yawning again.one of the 'minders' stepped forward and shone his torch on the warrant. biko began to read, pretending to study each word. behind his back, ntsiki had put a baby's nappy on their bed, laying the papers on top of it. gently, she lifted the sleeping samora on to the papers and fastened the extra nappy on. samora did not wake.at the window, biko reached the bottom of the first page and looked up at lemick. 'fine,' he said. 'turn the page, please.'lemick stared angrily at biko. 'could you read a little faster?'biko continued to read each word. behind him, ntsiki coughed, a sign that she had finished. she picked up samora, with his double nappy, and held him against her shoulder.finally, biko nodded. 'well, it's all in order, but you won't find any papers in my house.'lemick folded the document and put it back in his pocket. 'we shall see.'biko started to shut the window. 'as soon as my wife is properly dressed, i'll let you come in.'lemick was angry. he went back to the door and banged loudly on it.slowly, biko opened the door. 'sssh,' he whispered. 'don't wake the children.'there was only one oil lamp burning, so lemick and the two other men used their torches to search the tiny house: a bookcase, the beds, the pots and pans, the cooker. they pulled the covers off the sleeping nkosinathi and passed their hands under his bed. ntsiki and biko watchted.'i told you there were no papers,' biko remarked.lemick looked around angrily. he stared at biko and then at ntsiki.'it's a crime they send you people out on these useless jobs,' biko said sympathetically.lemick stared at biko again, not sure if he was joking, but his face looked serious. lemick sighed and nodded to the two 'minders'. he followed them to the door. 'we'll be back,' he said loudly.'sssh,' biko whispered nodding towards the sleeping samora.lemick paused and then closed the door quietly. steve turned to ntsiki. she was laughing silently. she patted samora's nappy. 'i think we had better rescue these,' she whispered.and they both gasped with silent laughter.