however, there was no doubt that black news and black readers were now accepted by everyone. tenjy wrote an article on the community centre in king william's town, which brought in a flood of gifts from both black and white people.biko phoned woods to thank him. it's amazing what one positive article can do.''be careful,' woods joked. 'you'll be talking like a liberal soon!''oh, no,' biko laughed, it's going to take more than a few pots and pans and a second-hand fridge to do that!'that night, dilima, the elderly man who was the night guard at the old church in king william's town, was disturbed by noises outside in the yard. he was sleeping in the sewing room, but he sat up and listened. someone was trying to force open the front door. boys, perhaps, who had heard about all the gifts.suddenly the front door crashed open and dilima saw three big men, with hoods covering their heads and faces, and carrying iron bars. another man, also wearing a hood, followed and gave an order in afrikaans. then they began to smash everything - windows, typewriters, chairs, children's toys.shaking with fear, dilima quietly moved towards the side door. he slipped outside and closed the door softly behind him. he wanted to get to biko's office to use the telephone, but as he moved towards it he saw three other men in that room, too. dilima ran for the tree in the middle of the yard and quietly pulled himself up on the first branch. as he watched, he saw one of the men pull the telephone in biko's room from the wall and smash it on the desk.at last, two of the men came out, breathing heavily, and stopped under the tree. the third man joined them, and spoke in afrikaans, ordering them to help the men in the church. then he pulled the hood from his head. dilima recognized him immediately. it was captain de wet from the security police.the next day biko asked woods to come to the church with wendy. it was a terrible sight. everything of value had been smashed. wendy began to help ntsiki and mamphela clear the wreckage.'who do you go to when the police attack you?' ntsiki asked sadly, not expecting an answer.but wendy stopped and looked across at woods. 'donald, go to kruger. he's the minister of police and he told you himself that he wants to fight police illegality. well, go and tell him.'mamphela was picking up papers from the floor. she laughed at wendy's suggestion. 'kruger? he would probably give them a reward!'woods lit a cigarette. 'come on, mamphela. ministers don't approve of this sort of thing.''don't they?' mamphela said bitterly. 'if you go to him, he will find a good reason.'father kani, an elderly black priest who was one of biko's most enthusiastic supporters, turned to dilima. 'you are sure it was captain de wet?'dilima looked a little puzzled. father kani repeated the question in the xhosa language. now dilima answered at once, nodding his head up and down. 'ndimbonile,' he declared. 'i am positive.'crossly, woods breathed out smoke from his cigarette. 'where is steve? what are his ideas about the situation?''he went to the clinic,' mamphela replied. 'he wanted to take the security police away while you talked to dilima.''well, that's sensible,' woods agreed. 'but i can't print a story from a witness who can't appear in court.''any mention of dilima's name in your newspaper,' ntsiki warned, 'and he will never survive to appear in court.''i'd be surprised if he survived until the end of the week,' mamphela added.wendy had heard enough. 'donald, fly to pretoria! the police here will just laugh at you, but you can't let this happen without doing something.'woods stared at her doubtfully.'do it! go!' she said.woods did not take a suitcase or even a bag. he phoned kruger's office and kruger agreed to meet him at his home outside pretoria on saturday. it was early afternoon when the taxi stopped at the gates of kruger's home and woods got out. there were no guards at the gate and woods walked slowly up to the house, looking at the surrounding hills and the beautiful large garden.'ah, mr woods, you are here.' kruger was standing outside the front door, very relaxed, wearing an open shirt and holding a drink. two little dogs jumped about at his feet. 'come in, come in. i'm just having a drink. will you join me?''the minister of police,' woods said, amazed, 'and i walk right into your house with no one in sight.''oh, perhaps not in sight - but if you weren't expected .. .' kruger raised his eyebrows. he led woods into his study, a large, comfortable room.'i want to thank you for seeing me at the weekend,' woods said.'ag, it's nothing, man. i always like to help you editors if i can.' kruger gave woods a glass of whisky. 'what is it you wanted to see me about?''it's about steve biko,' woods began, sitting down.'biko!' kruger exclaimed. 'i know all about steve biko!''why is he banned?' woods asked. 'he believes in non-violence, and he is a black leader you can talk to. you need a leader like that.''look, mr woods, i promise you, we have reason to ban steve biko.''if you have, then why not take him to court?'kruger leaned forward in his chair. 'listen. you know we have special problems in this country and we have to do things we don't like. do you think i like banning people and keeping people in prison without trial? man, i am a lawyer. i don't like these things.' suddenly he stood up. 'come, come. i want to show you something, mr woods.'he led woods out through another door into a hall. one wall of the hall was covered with photographs, a history of kruger's family.'we afrikaners came here in 1652, two hundred years before there was a camera.' he pointed to the earliest photograph, taken in the 1860s or 1870s, showing a group of men working on a farm. 'look at the concentration camps the british put our women and children in during the boer war.' the photographs showed starving women and children - nothing but skin and bone. 'the british never defeated us, you know, but we couldn't go on fighting when our families were dying in those concentration camps.'there were other photographs - a farm in the 1920s, a car in the 1930s, a young man in a football shirt holding a ball, obviously kruger himself. kruger waited as woods glanced at the last photographs.'let me tell you, mr woods, any afrikaner family could show you the same thing. we built this country. do you think we are going to give all this away? that is what mr biko wants. this is a black country, he says. but what is here was made by afrikaner work and struggle and blood.the blacks came to us for work - remember that. we didn't force them to work.'woods knew the afrikaner argument. 'no, you didn't force them to work, but since you had taken over most of the land they didn't have much choice. and wouldn't you say that their work has helped your success?'kruger did not answer. instead he opened the main doors and the two men looked out at the wonderful view - the hills and a large lake that filled one of the valleys in the distance. kruger went over to some chairs on the grass, the two little dogs following him.'let's sit out here in the shade,' he said. 'we know we must find a way to work together and live together. we are trying to find a way. maybe it's a little too slow for some of them, but mr biko is giving them false hope. we are not just going to roll over and give all this away.'woods looked at the beauty of the garden and the view, and remembered the black township he had visited. the difference between the two made the threat of revolution more real than ever.'listen,' kruger said quietly, leaning forward. 'trust me. i know more about mr biko than you do, mr woods. but i shall consider your recommendation, if you really think it's worth it.''thank you, minister. i do think it's worth it. but i have really come about a community centre in king william's town which was smashed up the other night...''i know about that. my police are investigating it.''your police are the ones who did it!'for a second kruger froze. then he slowly put his drink down and turned to woods. 'what makes you say that?''a witness saw a police captain and some of his men smash the place.''and will the witness make a statement?' kruger asked coldly.'he's afraid to,' woods answered, 'and i felt it would be better if you dealt with it yourself.'suddenly kruger returned to his friendly attitude. 'ag, you are right!' he declared. 'i appreciate your helpful attitude. i shall pursue this matter. i don't want this sort of thing happening.'woods was surprised. the warmth and sincerity of kruger's response impressed him. 'well, i... that's it,' he said, feeling it was all too easy after his long trip from east london. he finished his drink and stood up. 'thank you.''ag, thank you, for the way you have dealt with this unpleasant business,' kruger responded.as they walked towards the house, kruger's son, aged about fifteen, came towards them. 'will you be able to play tennis?' he asked his father.'ag, of course,' kruger replied. 'johan, this is the editor of the daily dispatch, mr donald woods.''i'm pleased to meet you,' the boy said politely.'did you come by car, donald?' kruger asked.woods was surprised by the sudden use of his first name. 'no, sir, by taxi.''i'll drive you back to the city.''no, no,' woods protested. 'you have your game of tennis. if you can just call a taxi for me...''it's no trouble, man. we have all afternoon for tennis. besides, the dogs want a ride.' he took his keys out of his pocket and the dogs immediately started jumping up at his legs. woods was amused. it was a nice picture: the relaxed father, the polite son, the spoiled dogs.'this is very kind of you,' woods said, as they walked around the house to where the cars were parked.'ag, mr woods, we are not really the terrible characters people think we are.'and at that moment woods believed that was probably true.