the little township house they went to was divided into four rooms. it was the home of tenjy mtintso, a tiny, pretty girl of twenty who worked as a nurse at the clinic in zanempilo, and she was there to greet them. a big family lived in those four rooms: father, mother, son; aunt, uncle and three children; four other cousins.the meal itself was a meat soup with rice and bread, served on big plates. there was no electricity in the house but two oil lamps hung from the ceiling. biko served beer to everyone, smiling and putting his arms round tenjy's aunt. it was a noisy and happy meal.'you know, this feels like home to me,' woods said. 'my father had a shop in a homeland, and we were often the only white family for miles.' woods wanted to impress them, but what he did not say was that in all those years he had never eaten with a black family.'homelands are not home to us, and the land is no good; that's why the government wants us to go and live there,' mapetla declared.after dinner the women washed the dishes, bringing water from an outside tap and heating it on the cooker. then, they began to wash their work clothes. the men sat and talked, some sitting in chairs, others on the floor.'i'll tell you what happened when the white man first came to africa,' mapetla began. 'first, he says, "do you mind if i pass through here?""hell, no, man," we say. "this land belongs to god." then he comes back."do you mind if i bring my wife and children?""of course not," we say. "there's lots of land. we're just going to hunt over the hills for a couple of days." then the white man finds a place he likes and builds a fence around it. "i'm going to have a farm here," he says."ok," we say. "we'll just move round you, friend." then the white man moves his fences outwards and says,"look, when you go by you disturb my cattle. don't come this way." we move off. but then the white man gets his gun and says,"listen, we can't have people moving about all over the place like this. you must have a pass, so we know who is coming and going".'woods smiled, looking at biko who was sitting on the floor near him. 'i'm not defending the past. but if you stopped listening to steve biko and let us liberals gradually fit you into our society, then...'tenjy put down the bucket of water she was carrying. 'yes. you want to give us a slightly better education, so we can get slightly better jobs...''at first, maybe,' woods said. 'but only at first. in the long...'john interrupted. 'first or last. what you are saying is that your society is better than ours, so you liberals are going to teach us how to do things your way.''we don't want to be put into your society,' biko said forcefully. 'i am going to be me - as i am - and you can put me in prison, or even kill me, but i'm not going to be what you want me to be.'there were no smiles now, and woods felt the anger in the room. he tried to remain calm and reasonable. 'there are some advantages in our society: fewer white babies die, and we have more...''guns and bombs and anxiety,' biko interrupted. 'you can blow up the whole earth if one man makes a mistake. in your white society, when you knock on someone's door, if he is a nice person he will say, "what can i do for you?" he assumes that people are there to get something from him. but we don't think that way. we just say, "come on in!" we like people. we don't think that life is an endless competition.'woods laughed, and biko responded with a smile.'you say you were brought up with blacks. have you noticed that all our songs are group songs? - not someone singing to the moon about how lonely he is.'woods laughed again, and nodded.tenjy had finished washing her work clothes and now began to hang them above the cooker to dry for tomorrow. 'we know the great white powers have given the world industry and medicine,' she said, and paused to look at woods. 'but maybe our society has something to give others, too, by teaching people how to live together. we don't want to lose that.''she's right,' tenjy's uncle said. 'this is an african country. let us have our place, in our own way, and then we will come together with our white brothers and sisters and find a way to live in peace. it cannot be just your way.''that sounds fair,' woods admitted. 'but you can't go back. the twentieth century is marching on for all of us.''but we want to march to our own time,' mapetla declared bitterly. 'the best you want for us is to sit at your table with your knives and forks; and if we learn to do it right, you will kindly let us stay. we want to wipe the table clean. it is an african table. we are going to sit at it in our own right.'woods stared silently at mapetla. he had never heard such bitterness before and he tried to accept mapetla's anger.john touched his hand. 'you will sit at that table, too. we know this is your home as it is our home. but you will not sit as the boss, but as one of the family.'woods sighed. 'i'm relieved that you are planning to allow us to sit at all!'everyone smiled at this remark and tenjy's uncle poured more beer into woods' glass. 'you understand our language,' he said; 'you know that the word we use for nephew is "my brother's son". tenjy calls my wife not "aunt" but "mother's sister". we have no separate words for members of the family - all begin with "brother" and "sister". and we look after each other.'woods had learned the language as a boy and he knew that this was true. he realized now that it was perhaps a way of keeping the family together.'in our traditional villages there were no starving men,' mapetla added. 'the land belonged to everyone. no one slept on the streets, no children were abandoned.'tenjy stopped as she passed with some more clothes to wash. 'we got a lot of things right that your society has never solved.'woods smiled at her. 'you did have tribal wars, you know, in this perfect land of yours.''what do you call the first world war and the second world war?' biko asked.there was a moment of silence and then they all laughed. 'you all put the words together well - but there's something about it that frightens me,' woods said.'of course there is,' mapetla responded, in your world everything white is normal - the way the world should be - and everything black is wrong, or some kind of mistake.''and your real achievement', biko added, 'is that for years you've convinced most of us of that idea, too.'woods felt that this was not the whole truth. 'you're being unfair to a lot of people who...'but biko did not let him finish, 'in fact, our case is very simple,' he said quietly. 'we believe in an intelligent god. we believe that he knew what he was doing when he created the black man. just as he did when he created the white man...'biko and woods stared at each other. the quiet, serious words affected woods more than anything he had seen that whole eventful day.