woods faced six months in prison if he did not give the name of dilima to the court. if, after the six months, he still refused to give the name, he would get another six months in prison. however, harold levy conducted woods' defence with confidence and woods was released on a legal point.later that evening woods was in the living room telling the children about his trial. 'at that moment, everyone in the court was silent, thinking that i was going to prison...'gavin jumped up excitedly. 'so you are going to prison, dad?'suddenly, charlie growled, running to the back door.'donald!' wendy shouted from upstairs. 'it's the police. they're after evalina!'woods put down his drink and rushed into the hall. wendy ran downstairs. 'keep the children inside,' woods ordered. he went to a cupboard in the hall, reached up, and pulled open the top drawer. he took out a gun and moved towards the back door.'donald! what are you doing?' wendy screamed, holding on to his arm. charlie was jumping up at them both.'go to the children!' woods ordered, shaking her off. 'and take charlie.''donald!' she cried once more, taking charlie by the collar; but woods was out of the back door.he ran around the house to evalina's room, a separate small building near the main house. two policemen with torches were standing at evalina's door.'what the hell are you doing here?' woods shouted, pointing his gun at the policemen.evalina appeared at her door. 'it's all right, sir. it's all right,' she called to woods, frightened.'we want to see her pass,' one of the policemen said aggressively. 'it is our right.''at this time of night?' woods demanded.'it's all right, sir. i'll get it,' evalina repeated.'we have asked this female bantu...' the policeman began.'woman!' woods shouted. 'she's a woman, not a female bantu! do you think you're talking to an animal?' his gun was still pointed at the policemen and in woods' face was all the anger that had been growing in him since he first turned his attention to examine what south africa was to a black man.the policeman stepped back, beginning to lose some of his confidence in the face of woods' aggression. evalina had found her pass and came to the door with it.'we are allowed to question bantu at any time,' the policeman said. 'it's our job. there may be an illegal male inside...''you're on my property,' woods shouted.the second policeman, a younger, larger man, smacked his stick against his leg. 'you think you're a big editor, who can do anything you please...''i think i'm a man who has found two strangers on my property,' woods said, waving his gun at them. 'go on! get out of here!'the two policemen finally began to walk down the path towards the gate. wendy ran out of the back door and across the garden to woods. she put her arms around him. 'you're crazy, donald woods! you're a crazy man!''i'm also shaking like a leaf,' woods said, putting his arm around her waist. 'and if you let go, i think i'll fall flat on my face!'wendy laughed, and kissed him.the next day the police took their revenge. ken saw it all, even got pictures of it. it was the middle of the morning and ken went out of the office to buy ice-cream with doreen, the prettiest typist in the office. they walked slowly along the street back to the dispatch building.ken turned and took a spoonful of doreen's ice-cream.'stop it!' she laughed. 'you've got your own ice-cream.''if you let me have a little bit of yours, i'll let you have some of my chocolate,' ken offered, smiling.he stopped. over doreen's shoulder he saw a black police car suddenly stop just in front of mapetla, who was also walking back to the office. three men jumped out and took hold of mapetla. ken dropped his ice-cream, took his camera from where it hung on his belt, and ran forward taking pictures. the men pushed mapetla into the car, banged the door shut, and the car quickly drove away. one of the policemen pointed a finger angrily at ken, but he continued taking pictures until the car turned a corner.later that night, after the children had gone to bed, woods told wendy what had happened.'what do you think the police will do to him?' wendy asked.'oh, i suppose they'll beat him, to frighten him and try to get him to leave the newspaper,' woods replied. 'but i'm afraid they will make an example of him so that no other black person will dare to come near me.'wendy stood up and they both began to go upstairs to bed.'i've decided not to print the pictures,' woods continued. 'if i do, the police will probably be harder on mapetla.'suddenly someone knocked loudly on the front door. they both stopped and looked at each other. was it the police again? charlie appeared and rushed to the door. slowly, woods went down the stairs again and went to the door.'steve!' he whispered as he opened the door. biko quickly went past him into the hall. woods glanced outside, saw only one car, and shut the door. 'what the hell are you doing here?''i want to know about mapetla,' biko replied, his face serious.woods nodded and nervously led him into the living room. 'god!' woods sighed. 'steve, i don't know - travelling into a white area at night.' he shook his head.'this is my country,' biko replied quietly. 'i go where i like.'woods admired biko's attitude, but at the same time was shocked by the risk biko was taking. at that moment wendy came into the living room. she stood at the door, unable to speak for a moment.biko smiled at her amazement. 'hello, wendy,' he said calmly.'you're crazy...'woods poured biko a drink and repeated the story of mapetla's arrest. biko listened silently. 'i want to write something about the arrest,' he said finally. 'i'll give it to you on my way to cape town in a few days.''cape town?' wendy protested.'steve, you're out of your mind,' woods added.biko looked at the two of them and leaned back, suddenly tired, in his chair. he took a long drink. 'it's an important meeting of black students,' he explained. 'i want them to hear what i have to say before they decide anything.' there was no doubt about the importance of the meeting to him, but for once his fire and energy were gone, and he sounded exhausted.for two days nothing happened. woods did not print news of mapetla's arrest, and the police refused to give him any information about mapetla. woods hoped that the police would release him in a few days.but he was badly mistaken. at twelve o'clock, when the streets around the dispatch were most busy, a police car and a police van with bars at the windows parked outside the office. three policemen got out of the car and marched into the building. they went up the stairs to the newsroom and went directly to tenjy's desk. she was typing an article but looked up and stared at them. she knew at once what was going to happen.'i have a warrant for tenjy mtintso,' one policeman said. 'are you tenjy mtintso?'tenjy nodded and bit her lip. she glanced around the room. everyone was staring, but there was nothing anyone could do.'please come with us,' the policeman said.ken left the newsroom and rushed downstairs to look for woods. they both ran to the front door but it was too late. the police were already closing the doors of the van on tenjy. ken began taking pictures as woods pushed through the crowd and took the arm of one of the policemen.'i would like to know what the charges are in that warrant,' woods said, looking at tenjy through the bars of the little window at the back of the van.the policeman shook off woods' hand and looked at him with cold hatred. 'there are no charges,' he said, getting into the police car. 'we don't need charges.' and the car drove off.the next day woods printed the photographs of mapetla's arrest, as well as those of tenjy's arrest, on the front page of the daily dispatch. but for another week there was no further news.then late one evening ken went to say goodnight to woods and found him staring out of the window.'what's wrong?' he asked.woods turned slowly to his desk and ken knew that something serious had happened. woods looked up at ken. 'mapetla is dead,' he announced. 'they say he hanged himself.'ken stared at him, unable to speak. 'mapetla wouldn't. . .' he began, and then stopped. that was something they both knew; there was no need to say it. they sat silently in the growing darkness, filled with the bitter knowledge that they could not print the truth.biko, despite his sorrow, was able to demand an inquest and wilfred cooper agreed to represent mapetla's family and biko. the main witness at the inquest was tenjy. when she appeared in the witness box, she looked tired and ill in her prison uniform.cooper began to question her. first her name, then her occupation.'i was a reporter on the daily dispatch. now i am a prisoner.''charges?' cooper asked.'none,' tenjy replied.'this inquest has been called to determine the reason for the death of mapetla mohapi, who was found hanged in prison.'tenjy turned and looked bitterly at the security officer, captain schoeman, who was sitting in court behind the lawyer representing the state.'can you offer an explanation for the bruises found on the side of the dead man's neck, rather than under the neck, as would be the case if he had hanged himself?''yes,' tenjy answered at once. 'the security police question prisoners by...'cooper interrupted her gently. 'have you heard about this from someone else?''no,' tenjy answered forcefully. 'i was questioned in this way myself by captain schoeman and his colleagues.' she turned and fixed her eyes on schoeman. 'first, they pulled me around the room by my hair, then beat me to the floor and kicked me. i still refused to swear to something i had not done. they tied me to a chair and put a towel around my neck. they pulled this towel tighter and tighter until i became unconscious. this happened several times and produced these bruises.' she pulled down her collar to show large bruises on the side of her neck.wendy was crying as she listened to this. she reached over and took woods' hand. 'how can we get her out of there?' she whispered.woods did not reply. he knew no easy way.the lawyer representing the state stood up. 'i really do find this story of a towel around the neck rather like the articles miss mtintso wrote for the dispatch: full of emotion but rather short on facts . .cooper interrupted. 'perhaps miss mtintso could show us?' he took a towel from his bag and crossed the court to the witness box.tenjy looked surprised, but she took the towel and without hesitation she threw it over her face from behind and pulled it tight about her throat. as she pulled it tighter, she began to cough. then she stopped and took off the towel. she swallowed several times, staring at schoeman coldly and accusingly. tears began to roll down her face.the judge left the court for only fifteen minutes. 'the inquest finds that blame for mapetla mohapi's death can be fixed on no one. the inquest is closed.'woods stared at wendy in complete amazement. he turned and found mamphela looking at him, smiling bitterly. her smile seemed to say, 'you see? what did i tell you?'later that night biko phoned woods. woods was sitting in his office on his own, finishing his editorial on the inquest. it was quiet and in the newsroom only the light at the sports desk was still on.'some news,' biko said. 'the day before mapetla died, the police showed another prisoner a small figure of mapetla hanging from a string.'woods sank back in his chair, overcome by this example of police cruelty. 'oh, god...' he sighed. 'steve, i just don't know what to say.''just say,' biko replied quietly, 'that some day justice will be done. and let us hope that it won't be visited on the innocent.' he paused and then put the phone down.biko had phoned from mamphela's room, where she was typing his article on the inquest. she had stopped typing while he made the call, aware of the deep emotion in his voice. 'you shouldn't make that trip to cape town,' she said, it's too dangerous.'biko looked across the table at her. 'it's a dangerous country.'