one morning six weeks later donald woods arrived late at the offices of the daily dispatch. tenjy and mapetla followed him. woods knew that they were nervous as they entered this centre of white power and influence. people stopped to stare at them as they walked quickly through the newsroom. one journalist spilt coffee all over her desk and did not notice until the little procession had entered woods' office.ken robertson was sitting on the edge of woods' desk, reading, when woods came in. he lifted his head to speak - but stopped with his mouth open.woods hung his jacket on the back of his chair. 'ken, this is tenjy mtintso and mapetla mohapi,' he said. 'they are from king william's town, and i'm glad to say that the board has approved their appointment here.'ken stared at woods. then he stared at tenjy and mapetla. there was no doubt: they were black. ken had heard that yesterday's meeting of the board had been noisy, but he had not guessed this!woods picked up the phone. 'ann, please come and meet two new reporters.' he turned to ken. 'when they've had a look around the office, i want you to teach them how to use our cameras.'ken nodded, still unable to speak. ann came in.'ann, this is tenjy and mapetla. please show them around the office.''of course,' ann murmured. she looked at woods for some further explanation, but woods began looking at the letters on his desk and said nothing more. ann turned and went out of the room with tenjy and mapetla. ken did not leave.'excuse me, boss,' he began. 'ah... where will they be working?'woods looked up and waved his hand towards the large open office area beyond the glass walls of his own office, in the newsroom.'ken nodded. 'the newsroom. of course. who would have thought of anything else? tell me, does this steve biko practise black magic?'woods smiled. 'they're going to cover black news - weddings, music, sport, crime. there is nothing illegal in that, and we'll get a lot of new readers.''oh, i'm sure the white readers will be delighted! and when they start writing about black consciousness -' he raised both hands - 'great news!'in fact, it was biko's idea that woods should use a black journalist. wendy - who had visited the clinic at zanempilo and who had become friends with mamphela, ntsiki and biko himself - thought that woods should use a black woman. in the end, woods convinced himself that they needed both a black woman and a black man. and finally the board had agreed.not long afterwards, woods invited ken to meet him out in the country one sunday afternoon. they parked their cars off the road and five minutes later a black taxi appeared with mapetla in the back seat.'where are we going?' ken demanded. 'should i have let my family know i might not be back?''you're going to a black football match,' mapetla answered. 'the only danger is that you will lose your idea that whites play the best football in this country.'in fact there was a whole world of black sport in south africa, though no national teams because of the pass laws which prevented blacks from moving freely about the country.when they arrived at the football field there were lots of people there already. as they walked towards the small stadium, three tall, tough men stepped in front of them, ready to prevent them from going in.'excuse me,' one said. 'can i help you?'mapetla stepped forward. 'it's all right. they're friends of steve biko.'the man stared. 'biko? he's in king william's town,' he said coldly. 'he's got nothing to do with this game.''listen, man,' mapetla protested, 'don't worry. these whites, they...'john qumza suddenly appeared, running towards them. 'they are ok!' he called. 'steve asked them to come. hello, mr woods.' he appealed again to the three men. 'come on, if they were the system, they wouldn't be waiting for your permission.'one of the men reached out and took ken's camera. 'they may be ok, but this certainly is not.''you're right,' john said quickly. 'mapetla, please take the camera and put it in my car.' he gave mapetla the keys and the tough men stood back to let the two white men pass into the stadium, though they still did not look very happy.the two teams were already on the field, but the crowd was listening to a man with a microphone.'why does the white man stir up trouble between us?' the man asked the crowd. he was dressed in brown and gold, mzimbi, a black leader who was wanted by the security police because he openly called for violent revolution. 'because when we fight among ourselves, he can convince our friends overseas that it is right to tell us where to live, and how to live.'john led woods and ken up the steps to some seats near the top of the stadium.'he can go on paying us less for doing the same job as the white man. and he can go on passing his laws without listening to one word we say!' the crowd cheered angrily, some people standing up. 'we have got to keep together. last year they killed more than four hundred black students! as one people we must let the white man know that his free ride on the back of black workers is over! if the only way we can get the message to him is to make sure he can never sleep in his big white bed in his big white house and know he is safe - then that is how it must be!'the crowd shouted in support and mzimbi raised his hands. finally, mzimbi made a sign that the crowd should be silent and people began to sit down. 'now, we have got a surprise for you. he is a little shy - but you listen to what he has to say.' and then, waving, he turned and disappeared into the crowd, protected by a group of guards.for a moment there was silence. then another voice began to speak through another microphone. 'this is the biggest illegal meeting i have ever seen!'the crowd burst into laughter. woods recognized biko's voice immediately, but he could not see him. he wondered anxiously how biko would deal with the crowd since he did not agree with the call for violence.'i heard what the last speaker said, and i agree - we are going to change south africa! all we have to decide is the best way to do that. believe me, the white man can be defeated!'the crowd responded, and woods stopped worrying. with humour and skill biko had gained the approval of the crowd.'we have the right to be angry,' biko continued, 'but let us remember we are in this struggle not to kill someone but to kill the idea that one kind of man is better than another kind of man.''there!' ken pointed to the right. woods saw him - biko at the back of the stadium with a microphone in his hand. john qumza stood on his right, and mapetla on his left, others surrounding them.'killing that idea does not depend on the white man. we must stop looking to the white man to give us anything. we have got to fill the black community with our own pride - not something the white man gives us, but something we make out of our own lives!'the crowd was listening quietly now. even the football players on the field were sitting on the ground, listening.'we have got to teach our children black history,' biko went on, 'tell them about our black heroes, our black society, so that they face the white man believing they are equal.'and now the crowd did react, with loud, steady clapping.'then,' biko declared forcefully, 'then we will stand up to him in any way he chooses. confrontation if he likes, but an open hand, too - to say that we can both build a south africa worth living in. a south africa for equal men - black or white. a south africa as beautiful as this land is, as beautiful as we are!'there was a second of silence and then the crowd responded - cheering, clapping, whistling - all rising to their feet. woods stood and clapped with everyone else. ken stared at him in amazement. finally, he too stood up slowly and began to clap, joining the rest of the crowd.