on this night the road-block outside port elizabeth had just been put up. only two cars had been stopped before peter jones - one of biko's closest friends - drove round the bend and saw the police lights of the road-block flashing ahead. there were two police cars and a land rover. there was no chance of turning and certainly no chance of running through it.peter put his foot on the brake. 'they'll probably only ask for my papers,' he said nervously.biko was sitting next to him in the front seat. they were on their way back from cape town, driving along the main coastal road with the ocean on one side and the mountains on the other. they had driven more than half-way home to king william's town, and had only another two hundred kilometres to go. 'have you got anything in the back?' biko asked.'no. all the posters were given out in cape town. i've only got a spare tyre back there.'the car ahead of them was sent on by the police and a policeman waved peter forward with his torch. peter slowly moved the car forward and stopped. the policeman shone the light from his torch on to peter's face.'keys and papers!' he commanded.peter passed over his identity papers and the keys of the car. the policeman threw the keys to his colleague and then shone his torch on to the papers.the second policeman went to the boot of the car and tried to open it. he had trouble with the lock. biko glanced sideways at peter. peter shook his head, but neither of them dared to say a word.the policeman at the window handed the papers back to peter, satisfied, and shone his torch around the back seat. he stepped back, ready to let them go.'i can't get it open,' called the policeman at the boot.instantly, the policeman at the window suspected something. 'what's in there?' he demanded aggressively.'nothing,' peter answered, with desperate honesty.another policeman approached biko's side of the car. 'what's the matter?' he demanded.'i think they've got something in here,' the policeman at the boot answered.'can i try?' peter asked, opening his door. the policeman at his window nodded.but the policeman on biko's side of the car stopped at the window. he knocked on it. 'out!' he ordered.biko hesitated for a moment, but he had no choice. slowly, he pushed open the door and got out. he stood up, much taller than the policeman, and fixed his eyes on the darkness straight ahead.'papers!'again biko hesitated. then he reached into his coat and handed the man his pass. the policeman shone his torch on to biko's face and then down at the pass. suddenly he stiffened. the light went back to biko's face and once again to the pass.'what's your name?' he demanded.'it's there in the book,' biko replied.'say it! say it!' the man shouted fiercely.the other policemen turned to look. what was happening?there was a silent pause. then biko answered. 'bantu stephen biko,' he said evenly. and the other policemen stared in amazement.six days later - again in the dead of night - a police car drove through the forest trees to the walmer police station in port elizabeth. the yard was lit with bright lights, and when the car paused at the gates the guard dogs growled. the car entered the yard and a doctor got out.the doctor was led by the chief police officer down a long corridor and through several locked doors. finally, the last door was opened and the doctor saw a naked figure lying on the bare floor. the doctor moved forward into the room. he saw that the man's hands were tied behind his back, and one leg tied to the bars of the wall. he was breathing heavily.the doctor went in and knelt down by the body. the body was covered with bruises, the forehead and eyes seriously injured. there were cuts on his chest and lips. the doctor examined the prisoner's eyes: he was deeply unconscious. the doctor lifted one arm; it fell back lifelessly. it was obvious that a doctor should have seen the prisoner much sooner.the doctor turned to his bag and took out a small hammer.he ran it lightly along the left foot. no reaction. he hit the foot once, twice. the toe moved upwards. the doctor rested the hammer on the floor for a moment, breathing heavily himself. he knew what he must recommend, but he also knew that the prisoner biko was very important to the police.the doctor stood up. 'i... i think he should go to a hospital,' he said, wishing this had been decided earlier.the police officer looked at him coldly. 'could he be pretending?'my god, the doctor thought. how could you pretend a smashed forehead, or eyes swollen by the blood behind them? even a policeman could answer that question, surely? 'the... the reflex indicates possible brain damage,' he began cautiously.'could he be pretending?' the police officer repeated fiercely.'you... you can't pretend a reflex, sir,' the doctor replied. he looked down at the report on biko. 'the tests performed by dr hersch also show... also have signs of possible brain damage.''but why is he unconscious?' the police officer demanded. he had seen other injured men who had managed to survive.the doctor could not answer that. 'has he eaten?''no, not today.'finally, the doctor faced the officer. 'he must go to hospital,' he said, with fear but with as much determination as he could manage.the officer glanced down at the bruised body on the floor and then up at the white, fearful face of the doctor. 'we'll take him to the police hospital in pretoria,' he said at last.the doctor gasped. 'but ... but that's a thousand kilometres away!' he protested. 'there's a hospital in port elizabeth, only four kilometres away!''he could escape from hospital here,' the officer said brutally, 'i want him in a police hospital.'the doctor looked down at the unconscious prisoner. escape? he would be lucky if he could walk and talk within weeks. it was obvious to the doctor that the police officer wanted police doctors to deal with the prisoner biko. the doctor knew that he should insist on the prisoner being taken to the nearest hospital, without delay. he was determined to demand this. he looked up into the cold, angry eyes of the police officer... and said nothing.half an hour later, the doctor watched as four policemen carried biko out into the yard. another policeman threw a blanket on to the floor of the waiting land rover and biko, still naked, was put on it.a police captain gave the four policemen their final orders. 'i want you to take the seymour road. keep off the main roads. and when you stop for a rest, one man should stay with the prisoner at all times.'the doctor expected them to cover biko, but no. two policemen got into the back of the land rover, and the other two sat in the front. again, the doctor wanted to say something, but the police chief had his eyes fixed on the land rover.the doctor watched as the doors were banged shut and the land rover drove off into the night, biko's head bumping on the floor. he had one thousand kilometres of rough, country roads yet to survive.it was 11th september 1977.