by the time he got to the office there was a message from john qumza. it was true.biko dies in custody! this was on the front page of the daily dispatch the next morning. the news was taken up by every newspaper in the country. woods spent hours on the phone talking to friends outside south africa so that the story was printed in almost every country in the world.in the black townships throughout south africa, black crowds attacked police stations. huge fires were lit in the townships every evening until the funeral. in crossroads, thousands marched in a procession that went on for a whole day and into the night, with drums and wild singing. ntsiki stayed in their little house, holding nkosinathi and samora, and crying for steve... and for herself and the boys. and they, not understanding what was wrong, cried with her.the minister of police, mr kruger, denied police responsibility for biko's death. yes, mr biko had been arrested outside his banning area. once in custody, mr biko had refused to eat. this was why he was taken to hospital, and this was why he died: he starved himself to death.kruger's smiling face on television drove woods into action. the next day woods and ken drove the sixty kilometres north to king william's town, and parked in a small road just outside the town. a few minutes later a bus stopped opposite and ntsiki got off. woods had phoned to ask her to meet him and she had come.it was the first time they had met since biko's death. ntsiki stood at the side of the road, waiting until the bus moved off again. then she started to cross the road. woods went to greet her. when they reached each other, they paused and looked at each other, their minds full of memories, of sympathy, and of sorrow. so much had happened since their first meeting, less than two years ago.then woods moved forward and put his arms round ntsiki. 'he was a great man, ntsiki,' he whispered. 'a man the world will always remember.'as they drove to the mortuary. woods explained what he wanted to do. he had learned from biko himself, when mapetla died, that the family could demand an inquest. kruger was claiming that biko had died because he refused to eat in prison. all biko's friends knew that was not true. the question was, how did he die? to find out, they needed n'rsiki's help. ntsiki nodded her head, but she did not speak.they got out of the car near the little building. "how did you get permission?' n'tsiki asked quietly.'i didn't,' woods replied. 'i knew they would move him if they thought we were coming. i have checked the law. i don't think they will dare to stop us.'a short, elderly pakistani opened the door and led them to the main office. 'mrs biko wants to see her husband's body,' woods began.the official looked up from his desk. 'i'm afraid that's not possible. there has been no inquest - this is a special case ...'it's not special at all,' woods interrupted, 'the law is quite simple and clear. mrs biko has the right to see her husband's body.' the official stood up. 'mr biko's death', woods continued coldly, 'has caused enough trouble already. if you want this matter on the front page of the newspapers as well...'the official moved towards the door, frightened by woods' anger. he led them to the room where the bodies were kept. three pairs of feet were sticking out of the drawers. the official went forward and looked at the paper tied to the toe of one pair of feet. it read 'biko'. he nodded towards the pakistani assistant, who pulled out that particular drawer. the body was covered with a white sheet. the official left the room; woods knew he would go straight to the phone.woods stepped forward and pulled down the top of the sheet. the sight of biko's face shocked him. biko's lips were swollen, there was a huge lump on his forehead, and bruises around his eyes. ntsiki touched the sheet gently as she moved towards the face. when she reached biko's face she suddenly burst out crying, putting her arm around him, her head down next to his.'oh, steve... steve,' she cried. 'what have they done to you?'for several minutes, neither woods nor ken could move, their emotion was so great. but finally woods put his arm around ntsiki. 'we must hurry, ntsiki, before he calls the police.'slowly, ntsiki stood up and moved towards the door. the pakistani assistant came forward to lead her out of the room. at the door he turned. 'don't let them frighten you, mr woods,' he said, his own face full of fear.woods closed the door behind them and ken took a small camera from his pocket. quickly, he moved about the body, taking photographs from all sides. woods pulled the sheet down, and ken took photographs of the bruised body. biko had not been playing rugby recently and had actually put on weight.'refused to eat,' woods said bitterly. for a moment he stood above the familiar face of the man who had hated no one, who had now left this bruised body. he cried as he had never done before as an adult.when they returned to the car, ntsiki was sitting in the front seat, staring ahead. none of them spoke. ken got into the back seat and woods started the car.'you and wendy will come to the funeral, won't you?' ntsiki asked quietly.woods hesitated. considering what had happened to biko, he wondered how people would react to a white man at his funeral. 'well - would his other friends - would we be welcome?'ntsiki still stared straight ahead. 'yes, donald,' she answered. 'you and wendy are our brother and sister.'she still had not looked at him. 'we will be there,' he promised, and drove away from the mortuary.the funeral was held two days later. woods had never been to the funeral of a black person before. he and wendy went very early to the stadium where the ceremony was to be held, but even so there were thousands of people there before them, many of them carrying posters of biko's face.there were road-blocks on all the main roads, but still more and more people arrived. the mood of the crowd was angry but also sorrowful. woods and wendy took a place in the middle of the field. they saw no one they recognized from the clinic or the community centre, but no one showed any anger or hatred towards them. the crowd simply ignored them, as though they were not there at all.about an hour after they arrived, a group of people came on to a big platform at one side of the field. woods recognized officials representing the british, american, and swedish governments. helen suzman appeared and there was a deep murmur of welcome from the crowd. some church officials, black and white, followed. woods recognized only bishop tutu. then john qumza came in with father kani and mamphela. finally, ntsiki and the two boys came on to the platform and the murmur of the crowd grew until it was like the wounded cry of a great animal that was dying.the stadium was completely full now, and woods could see a number of white faces here and there. he turned to wendy. 'when i despair, remind me of this. there are whites in south africa who have been thinking a long time before we started to think.'suddenly they heard a song in the distance, and the procession arrived, moving slowly through the crowd and across the field towards the platform. a group of young men in uniform came first, marching and singing. the crowd began to sing with them. a group of priests followed. then came the coffin, made of beautiful dark wood with gold letters: one azania ... one nation. woods knew that azania was the name biko's followers used for south africa. as the coffin was carried slowly through the crowd, hands reached out to touch it.when the procession reached the platform, the coffin was lifted on to the platform, flowers surrounding it. the song ended and there was silence.a young man, dressed in gold and brown, stepped up to the microphone on the platform. 'we are here to express our deep sorrow for the death of one of the great men of africa! i loved steve biko, but i hate the system that killed him!'the crowd shouted in agreement, raising their hands. finally, the speaker held up his arms and gradually the crowd became quiet.'even today,' he continued, 'the day of steve biko's funeral, the system in their white pride have turned away thousands who wanted to come here, simply to show their respect for steve biko! the buses from soweto, from durban, from cape town have all been turned away! and road-blocks have been put up to prevent others from every part of the country from entering this area!'the crowd exploded with anger, their shouts like thunder. the posters were held high and waved backwards and forwards. anxiously, woods put his arm around wendy, 'i had hoped this wouldn't happen,' he whispered.at last the speaker's hands went up again, and the shouting stopped. when all was quiet, he said, 'but - we - are - here'again, the crowd exploded, but this time there was pride and determination mixed with their anger. the speaker walked up and down the platform, allowing the crowd to express their emotions. then he stepped back to the microphone.'i hate the system,' he said quietly, 'but i welcome all south africans who join with us today in our sorrow for the man who gave us hope - hope in the country south africa could be, the kind of country south africa will be, when all men are judged as human beings, as equal members of god's family!'this time the crowd began to clap, softly, warmly, with many shouts of 'amen!'woods glanced around at the other white people he could see: students, here and there an elderly couple.'and in hope for that day,' the speaker ended, 'when isolation and anger have changed to friendship, let us sing together the song of africa, that steve biko loved as we do.'as he began the song, thousands of voices joined in, holding up their posters of biko.nkosi sikelel' iafrikamaluphankanyisw'upondo iwayo...there were three white students near woods. when they saw woods singing, they pushed their way through the crowd to his side.'do you understand the words?' the girl asked.woods nodded, and began to sing in english as he worked the words out in his head.god bless africa,raise up her name,hear our prayersand bless us...bless the leaders,bless also the youngthat they may carry theland with patience,in their youth, bless them.bless our effortsto work together and lift ourselvesthrough learning and understanding,god bless us.woza moya! yihla moya!come, spirit! descend, spirit!woza moya oyingcwele!come, holy spirit!woods, wendy and the students stood in the crowd as the beautiful song, full of emotion, ended and died on the wind ... on the platform, ntsiki held samora, the tears running down her face, and mamphela, standing next to her, cried for the first time since biko's death, as they watched the thousands of posters of biko's face waving below them.