later that morning donald woods and steve biko drove out to zanempilo, where biko had started a clinic. zanempilo was about twenty-five kilometres from king william's town, in hill country so dry that there were no farms in sight. biko's 'minders' - the two security policemen - followed in their own car.woods glanced at them in the mirror. 'they follow you everywhere?' he asked.biko smiled. he put his arm out of the window and waved at the car behind. 'they think they do.'the clinic at zanempilo was at the top of a hill. the first thing woods noticed was the church. in addition, there were three long, low buildings made of wood. a line of people queued outside one of the buildings - women with small children, old men, pregnant women.woods parked his car. the police waited further back on the road. 'so this is it?' woods asked, getting out of the car.'this is it,' biko replied. 'a clinic for black people, with black workers, and a black doctor.'mamphela came out of the door of one of the buildings. she was in a doctor's white coat, some papers in her hand. she paused and stared at woods and biko. then she nodded at them and turned to her patients.'was this place her idea or yours?' woods challenged, looking at biko across the top of the car.'it was an idea that came from all of us,' biko replied. he looked at mamphela. 'but we were lucky to get her,' he added.the clinic was an amazing achievement, anyway, woods thought. he knew that biko's black consciousness group wanted black people to create their own organizations. but woods himself believed that south africa needed organizations where black and white people could work together.'so if you had a white "liberal" doctor working here, that wouldn't serve your purpose?' woods asked.biko became more serious than woods had yet heard him.'when i was a student, i suddenly realized that it wasn't just the job i was studying for that was white. the history we read was made by white men, written by white men. television, medicine, cars' - he hit the roof of the mercedes - 'all invented by white men. even football.' he paused for a moment, 'in a world like that, it is hard not to believe that there is something inadequate about being born black.' he stopped again and then glanced behind him at the two policemen watching him from a distance, 'i began to think that this feeling was a bigger problem than the things the system does to us.' slowly he turned back to woods, 'i felt that, first, the black man has to believe he has the same ability to be a doctor - a leader - as a white man.'woods nodded. he understood biko's ideas and he was impressed by the man who had them.biko looked at the clinic. 'so we started this clinic. my mistake was to write down some of my ideas.''and the government banned you.'biko nodded. 'and the white liberal editor started attacking me.''i attacked you for your racism, for refusing to work with white liberals,' woods protested.biko smiled. 'how old are you, mr woods?' he enquired.woods hesitated, a little annoyed by the question. 'forty- two,' he answered, if that makes any difference.'biko stared at him. 'a white south african,' he said slowly. 'a newspaper man, forty-two years old. have you spent any time in a black township?'woods hesitated again. he had driven through a few townships, but no white south african spent any time in one. 'i've... i've been to many...'biko smiled. 'don't be embarrassed. apart from the police, i don't suppose one white south african in ten thousand has spent any time in a black township.' biko stopped smiling at woods' embarrassment and his voice grew warm, as if he were speaking to an old friend. 'you see, we know how you live. we cook your food, clear your rubbish, cut your grass,' he said quietly. 'would you like to see how we live, the ninety per cent of south africans who are forced to leave your white streets at six o'clock at night?'it was not an empty challenge: biko meant it.later that afternoon woods went home to his swimming pool. four of his five children were at home, and the three boys - duncan, dillon, and gavin - splashed about with him. mary, aged five and the youngest of the family, was playing at the side of the pool. charlie, their big dog, ran up and down, excited by all the noise. at last woods swam to the edge, the boys chasing him and splashing water at him. woods got out of the pool and ran quickly to the shower which was in the garden near the pool.'i'm going to write to your teacher and tell him to give you more work,' woods shouted to the boys as he turned on the shower.as he came out of the shower, his wife, wendy, arrived home with jane, their eldest child, aged fourteen. wendy left the shopping in the car and came down the garden to greet woods.'well? what was he like?' wendy asked, as charlie jumped up at her.woods rubbed his hair with a towel. 'well, he's like his photographs: young, tall, handsome.''donald! i mean what kind of person is he?' wendy was more liberal politically than donald, but she did not agree with black consciousness.woods sat down. 'i'm not sure. they've built a clinic up there in zanempilo. everyone working there is black. you should see it. people come from miles.'wendy stared at him doubtfully. 'where did they get the money?''from churches, abroad. from black people. even some companies gave them some money.'amazed, wendy asked, 'south african companies?''that's right,' woods answered. 'surprisingly, someone important heard biko make a speech and was impressed. i must tell you, he is impressive.'evalina, their black servant, brought a glass of orange juice for wendy and put it down on the table. then she went up the garden to the car, to get the shopping.'he hasn't convinced you that black consciousness is right, has he?' wendy asked.woods hesitated. 'no. but i have agreed to visit a black township with him.'wendy was silent, wondering how biko had persuaded her husband to do this. 'but he's banned,' she said finally. 'how can he go anywhere with you?'woods shook his head, smiling at wendy's amazed face. then he leaned forward and kissed her. 'i'm not sure. but i intend to find out.'