woods had found the village as he walked north along the beautiful telle valley. he had knocked on tami's door by chance and had explained that he was trying to cross the river. an expression of doubt had passed over tami's face, so woods had brought out the manuscript, hoping that it would help tami to believe his story. now, he sat with an old blanket round his shoulders while his clothes dried in front of the fire.at last tami stopped reading. 'if there is no more rain, you will find a place to cross the river tonight.''i can't wait,' woods said anxiously, looking again at his watch. 'i don't have time.' tami did not move. suddenly woods had a desperate idea. 'how far is the telle bridge?' he asked.'fourteen... fifteen kilometres,' tami answered. 'you cannot cross there.''i have a passport,' woods said. 'maybe i can. i'm so close, i can't fail now.'tami stood up and put the manuscript back in the bag. then he took off his own belt and tied it around the bag. woods felt sure that this action indicated that tami was going to help him.'is there someone we can trust who has a car?' woods asked.tami's face remained serious. 'i trust me,' he replied. 'and i have a car!' he began to laugh. 'editor donald woods, escaping in my car! if prime minister vorster knew..!'the car was parked behind the little house. it was old, very old, but the engine finally started and they moved off, dust and leaves flying behind them. tami was not an expert driver and he steered the car from side to side of the road. he smacked his hand on woods' bag and laughed again. 'you will get there!' he shouted. 'you will get there! and then vorster will know! mayibuye iafrika! rise again, africa!'after another twenty minutes, the road began to curve and tami gradually stopped the car and turned off the engine. woods heard the sound of rushing water.'where is the bridge?' woods enquired.tami pointed through the trees. he was quiet now, clearly frightened by the closeness of authority and danger. woods got out of the car and walked a little way through the trees. he saw that the road descended to the river and the telle bridge only a few hundred metres away. he went back to the car.'have you seen it?' tami asked.woods nodded. 'some day, when things have changed, i will come back and we shall drink beer together, tami.''yes, mr woods,' tami said, seriously. 'i shall wait for you.'woods picked up his bag and waved goodbye. as he walked down the hill he heard the noisy old engine start and move away. woods came out of the trees on to the road in front of the bridge. a large iron gate blocked the road at the start of the bridge. woods went up to it. it was locked. he shook it, but there was no sign of anyone.suddenly he heard the sound of a car coming down the hill behind him. it seemed to be approaching very fast. was it someone with a message about him? had they caught father kani? a land rover came into sight. woods looked right and left but there was no escape. he stood there, trapped, as the land rover drove towards him. it stopped right in front of woods.a black man, wearing a brown uniform, sat in the driver's seat. 'it's locked?' he shouted.woods hesitated. 'yes.'the man looked at his watch. 'it should be open. it's seven o'clock.' he opened the door of the land rover, and woods read the words painted on the door: lesotho postal service. woods sighed with relief.'what are you doing on foot, father?' the man asked.'well...' woods began. 'a ... a friend brought me. i... i must get to maseru by ten o'clock.''you'll be lucky!' the man said. 'the rain has damaged the roads over there.' he looked at woods for a minute. 'here, father, put your bag in here. i'll give you a ride over.'woods was relieved. a ride across would look more normal to the border officials than walking. 'thank you very much. my name is... curren.''my name is moses,' the man said brightly.woods stared at him in amazement. 'moses?'moses smiled. 'yes, sir.'woods glanced at the river, with its fast, deep water. 'yes, of course. it would be!'the telle bridge was not a busy place. woods and moses were first in the queue on the south african side of the bridge. when the passport office was opened, woods handed his passport to the official.'we're both in a hurry,' moses told him.'you're always in a hurry,' the official joked. 'so tell me, why does it take four days for a letter to get from queenstown to maseru?'moses threw his passport down on to the desk. 'you know why? because we have to spend so much time sitting outside your gate. that's what the trouble is!'the official gave woods his passport back and glanced at moses' passport. then they both moved to the door.'father!' the official called.woods froze.'you're a brave man, father.'woods stared at him, his face turning white. what did he mean?'driving with moses, i mean,' the official explained. 'i wish you luck, father. you'll need it.'the blood began to return to woods' face, and he left the building. outside, a black frontier policeman was standing by the land rover holding woods' bag. moses ran to get into the driver's door, but woods just stared at the policeman.'is this your bag, father?' the policeman enquired.'yes,' woods answered stiffly.'what's in it?'moses was already at the wheel, waiting impatiently. for a moment woods was speechless, then he shook his head. 'oh, just some... clothes, a bible.'i thought i felt a book of some kind,' the policeman said with a big smile, and handed over the bag to woods.woods nodded and got into the land rover. slowly, moses drove across the bridge, passing the frontier and into lesotho. woods felt in his pocket and pulled out his glasses. at last he could put them on!a lesotho official stopped the land rover. woods looked out, anxious again. 'a message for you, moses,' said the official. 'there's some trouble on those roads.'moses parked the land rover and jumped out. i won't be long, father.''moses!' woods called. 'do you think i could make a phone call from here?'moses laughed. 'you're in lesotho now! there's no telephone here, unless you want to go back to the south african side.'a terrible thought hit woods. 'aren't there any phones in this part of lesotho at all?''the next place with phones is maseru,' moses said. 'if you want to phone quickly, you'd better go back to the south african side.''no, no. maseru will be fine,' woods said.moses nodded and went off to the lesotho passport office for his message. woods opened the door and looked down at the ground. the ground of lesotho. he stepped down on it. then he turned and looked back across the river. there it was - south africa, the south african frontier police, the south african passport building. he turned again and looked at the wet green hills of lesotho.tm here,' he said to himself. 'i'm free, steve biko. if only you were here with me today, my friend.'suddenly, woods started to dance, an old african dance he had learnt as a child. and as he danced, he kept repeating 'oh god, oh god, i'm here! i've got here!'and then, as he turned, he saw moses and the lesotho official watching him, their mouths open in surprise.meanwhile, wendy was on the road to umtata with the children. during the night she had packed suitcases and put them in the car. she had woken the children early and told them they were going to the beach for the day.'and be quiet. your father's sleeping late,' she told them, for the benefit of those who were listening.the one security policeman was surprised to see the garage door open so early. he frowned and glanced at his watch. he looked at the children, with their beach things, as the mercedes passed him, and did not notice the tears rolling down jane's face.they drove for a while, and then duncan, realizing they were not on the road to the beach, called out, 'mum, i think you're lost!'and so at last wendy told the younger children what was happening. 'so you see,' she finished, 'daddy was really travelling all night.''but why are we going to granny's?' duncan asked.'because if daddy gets across safely, he'll phone us and we'll join him and fly to england.'gavin leaned forward. 'what's going to happen to charlie?' he asked anxiously.they all looked at wendy, waiting. 'i've left a note forevalina,' she said tightly. 'she'll take him to the neighbours.'jane glanced at her. 'what about evalina?'wendy bit her lip, her eyes filling with tears. 'i don't know,' she said finally. 'daddy has left her as much money as he could.'they had terrible luck with the traffic. for four kilometres the roads were being repaired, with the result that no one could overtake. then, as the road began to descend steeply, wendy found herself behind a slow tractor. time and again she tried to overtake, as they went down into the valley and then again as they drove up through the acacia trees on the other side; but she could never do it safely.jane was as nervous now as wendy. 'mum, we'll never get there before ten o'clock!''we mustn't have an accident! and we mustn't get stopped by the police!' wendy said sharply.but at last she was able to overtake the tractor, and the hill ahead was clear.'are we going to get there in time?' gavin asked uneasily.wendy glanced desperately at the clock, i don't know. once we get to the top, it's mainly flat - but i don't know.''what if we don't get there in time?' duncan asked.'duncan! i don't know!' wendy shouted.at last they climbed out of the valley and wendy began to drive faster than she had ever driven before. the three boys in the back seat leaned forward, watching the road.'mum... police,' duncan said suddenly.the police car was coming towards them. wendy put her foot on the brake. her speed went down to 88 kilometres per hour. 'get down in the back,' she said. 'maybe the police are looking for a mercedes with five children in it.'obediently, the three boys went down on the floor. the police car passed, the two policemen glancing at wendy. wendy, watching them in the mirror, still drove slowly. then she glanced at the clock: 9:45. she began to drive faster again, across the grassy hills to umtata.