things happened very fast after that. bruce mccullough and father kani helped woods to plan his escape: he told no one else. one day in december - early summer in south africa - woods went to the bottom of the garden and climbed over the wall. he checked carefully to see that there were no security police watching that part of the house. he ran across the field and on to the side street. a car was parked on the corner. woods ran up to it, opened the door and got in.bruce jumped in surprise. 'i expected you the other way!''if i go out the front way, they know not only where i'm going, but also who i'm with,' woods explained as bruce drove off.bruce reached into his pocket and handed a passport over to woods, 'it's an old one, but we've altered the date. it wouldn't get you out of johannesburg, but up north it should be ok,' he said confidently.woods opened the passport. 'father david curren!' he laughed. 'an irish priest! how did you get it?''father kani got it,' bruce answered. 'he says that he's sure father curren would agree, but he will explain it to him later.'woods shook his head in amazement. 'black hair, no glasses. but i suppose it could work.'they drove into the country. there was no car in sight when bruce parked by the side of the road. they got out and bruce opened the map.'trying to fly you all out to botswana is impossible,' bruce began. 'we can't get a plane without letting someone know what's going on.'disappointed, woods was silent. he could never leave wendy and the children behind.'don't worry, kani and i have planned it all,' bruce went on confidently. 'we think 31st december is the best day. everyone will be having parties and drinking, and the police won't be so careful. you turn yourself into father curren and get up north of queenstown. kani will meet you and drive you to the lesotho border. you will cross the river telle into lesotho at night and i'll be waiting to drive you to maseru, the capital of lesotho. you can fly from there to botswana. there are three planes in lesotho.'woods studied the map again. it was a hundred and fifty kilometres from east london to queenstown. 'i don't understand why i have to go so far north to meet father kani.''the police think weapons are coming into the country up there, so father kani wants to get a local car which the police aren't likely to check when you drive to the border.'woods was still doubtful. 'i don't see how i'm going to get north to queenstown.'bruce laughed. 'you hitch-hike, father curren. you hitch-hike! that way, if you do get caught, you don't take kani and wendy down with you.'woods sighed. there seemed to be so many risks. 'what about wendy and the children?''kani has planned all that,' bruce said enthusiastically. 'and i'm getting the newspaper to fly me from cape town to do a story on lesotho's three planes.'five days later woods met father kani to arrange the final details of the escape plan. kani would wait for woods at a bridge six kilometres north of queenstown, on the pretoria road. wendy would pretend to go to the beach the next morning, 1st january, but really she would drive the two hundred kilometres north-east to her parents in umtata. she would wait there until ten o'clock for woods to phone from lesotho. then she would drive on to the lesotho border before the police realized what had happened.31st december was a warm, sunny day in east london. woods dyed his grey hair black and dressed in a black suit with a priest's white collar. he took the manuscript from its hiding place and packed it in a small bag. then he took off his glasses, as the final part of his disguise; father curren did not wear glasses.it was five o'clock. the younger children were playing in the living room. jane and dillon, who knew about the escape plan, kissed woods goodbye. because the house was bugged, they struggled to control their tears.'i must go out now and pick up that film the children want to watch tonight,' wendy said loudly and went out of the kitchen through the door to the garage.woods paused. he fought back his tears, looking at the kitchen for the last time - the house, his life, his children. silently, he followed wendy into the garage. wendy opened the back door of the mercedes and woods got in and stretched out on the floor. wendy threw a blanket over him, nervously making sure he was covered. then she shut the door and went to open the garage.there was only one man watching from the other side of the street - a black security policeman. obviously bruce was right: today was a day for parties. the man stood up to watch wendy. she was so nervous that she could not start the car for several minutes, but at last they drove on to the road. as they drove through town, she glanced constantly in her mirror, but no one was following them.'you'd better sit up now, father curren,' she said at last, as they reached the main road north to king william's town.woods sat up and picked up his coat and bag. 'you're a very brave woman, mrs woods,' he said warmly.'no, i'm not!' she answered, staring at the road ahead. 'i'm a very frightened woman! and don't tell me anything else!'she stopped the car at the end of a long line of hitch-hikers. 'no goodbyes,' she said tightly. 'just get out, father curren. and i wish you luck.'woods looked into her eyes, knowing that she was close to tears. 'thank you for the ride, mrs woods,' he said, in his best irish accent. he shut the door and wendy started to move off.suddenly, woods ran after her, banging on the window. 'wendy! wendy!' he shouted desperately. she stopped and opened the window. 'don't forget to go and collect the film.'wendy gasped. 'i'd forgotten all about it. thank god you reminded me!'woods watched her turn the car and drive back towards the town. the afternoon had become cloudy, and now it began to rain. woods put on his coat, then turned and went to join the line of hitch-hikers.the journey north was not easy. after his first ride, woods had to wait a long time before someone stopped and took him through king william's town up the hilly road as far as stutterheim. then he had to wait again. it was 3.50 a.m. before he finally stepped down at the place beyond queenstown where he hoped to meet father kani. it was still raining and woods walked forwards cautiously in the darkness towards the bridge. as he approached, he saw the flash of a torch.'i expected you three hours ago!' kani exclaimed anxiously, it will start to get light in an hour's time and we still have two hundred kilometres to drive.''i've been in such terror that i'm surprised my hair hasn't turned grey again,' woods responded.kani laughed and opened the door of the car. 'this ground was dry when i parked here. now it's going to be difficult to get out of the mud.'as fast as he could, father kani drove the little car through the darkness and the rain, the road climbing higher and higher, leaving the forest trees behind. a police car followed them for about five minutes, before turning off down a side road. woods and kani breathed a sigh of relief. at last, kani turned off the main road, and then down a small, dirt road which descended to the edge of the river telle. silently, they got out of the car and stared at the river, wide and deep, full of rushing water. there were mountains on the other side lesotho.woods dropped his bag in disgust. the river was too fast and too wide for him to walk across. the rain had spoiled the plan. woods saw that the sky was beginning to grow light, and he turned to father kani.'you must go,' he said urgently, it's getting light and you'll get ten years in prison if you're seen with me.' father kani hesitated. 'go, before we're seen together!' woods picked up his bag, and as he did so, the handle broke. 'oh, no!' he exclaimed.'in fact, it's turned into a complete disaster, hasn't it?' kani said hopelessly.woods began to move along the river. 'we've done all right. i'll find somewhere to cross. just get out of here!'father kani glanced up at the sky. light was appearing behind the mountains. he should get the car away from the river, if you get desperate,' he shouted, 'go to one of us! use steve's name!'woods held the bag tightly under one arm. he waved. 'see you in london!' he called.after father kani had gone, woods tried to cross the river. he took off his shoes and tied them around his neck. he plunged into the water. in a few steps the water was up to his knees. cautiously, he moved forward and the water reached his waist. he lifted the bag and held it on his head. he went forward again, but when the water was around his chest he stopped. he was only a third of the way across and the water was moving so fast that he knew it would be difficult to swim, even without the bag. he turned around and slowly went back to the edge of the river. it was 6.05 a.m.