'all right, we're coming to get you!' a voice said, and swore violently. 'we know you're alone, and we're coming to get you!'wendy tried to speak, but the caller banged the phone down. at that moment, someone knocked on the bedroom door and wendy jumped in terror. it was jane.'i can't sleep,' she said. 'was that daddy?'wendy sighed in relief. 'no, not daddy.''more threats?'wendy nodded. suddenly they heard the sound of a car outside. quickly wendy turned off the light and went to the window, jane following her. they saw a car parked across the road, its lights turned off. two men ran from the car to the garden wall.jane moved back from the window. 'who can we call?' she whispered.wendy ran for the door. 'you just stay here!'but jane followed her as she started to go downstairs. suddenly, there was the sound of a gun being fired. once! twice! jane screamed. wendy was frozen with terror. the gun was fired again and again, and there was the sound of glass breaking. then they heard a shout from outside. and finally the sound of the car being started and driven off. wendy, shaking, put her arms around jane.the next morning they discovered holes from two bullets near woods' study. one bullet had broken wendy's bedroom window. another had hit the wall by the front door, and the last was near the living room.when woods left pretoria, he phoned cape town to ask bruce mccullough to come to east london as quickly as he could. bruce was an australian, and one of woods' oldest friends: they had been students together in london many years before. woods also asked father kani to come to his house that evening.they arrived about nine o'clock and sat down in the garden with a big bowl of spaghetti and plenty of bottles of cold beer.'i want to go to america to talk about biko and the way he died,' woods began.the two others stared at him. 'you're mad,' bruce said, serving himself to spaghetti. 'if they let you out, they'll arrest you the minute you get back!''look,' woods responded, 'i've just come back from pretoria and i can tell you there is no newspaper willing to fight the government on this matter. we must force them to have an inquest. if i start talking in america, it will really embarrass them.'father kani shook his head. 'you're going to talk about steve? i tell you, donald, they'll stop at nothing.'but woods was determined. he booked his flight to boston through new york. the day before he left he printed the pictures of biko's body with an editorial demanding an inquest. then he flew to johannesburg, the largest city in south africa, using a false name, to catch the evening plane to new york. bruce met him at the airport in johannesburg.they walked together towards the passport desk. 'i've sent copies of the photographs to england and america,' bruce told him. 'i only hope that kruger's boys won't be waiting here to meet you when you return.'woods smiled. two soldiers stood behind the passport desk. this was the moment. if the government was going to stop him, it would be here. woods gave his passport to the official. the official glanced at it, then at woods, and gave it back to him. woods picked it up and turned back to bruce.'i'll phone you when i get there!' he called confidently.he walked down the hall to the security desk. as he approached it, a man touched his arm. 'donald woods?'woods nodded.'we are security police,' the man said quietly.woods looked up and saw two other men approaching. 'come with me,' the first man said, guiding woods towards an office door. a soldier came forward and stood beside the door. woods heard his flight to new york being announced, and he hesitated.'don't worry about that,' the man said. 'you won't be on the plane.''but my bags are...' woods protested.'no, they aren't,' the man said calmly. 'we've taken them off.'shocked, woods found himself in the office facing another security officer, lieutenant beukes. before woods could say a word, beukes started reading from a warrant.'you, donald james woods, are declared a banned person.for a period of five years, you are forbidden to meet with more than one person at a time, except for members of your family. you are forbidden to write anything, either privately or printed. you are forbidden to enter any printing offices of any kind. you are to stay within the district of east london for a period of five years.'woods shook his head. 'has kruger gone crazy?' he murmured.'the minister of police, mr kruger, signed your banning order himself,' major boshoff, the first officer, said. 'and he instructed us to take you by car to your home in east london immediately.'five years! woods wondered what the daily dispatch would do. what would he do? then he saw the pretoria morning newspaper on the corner of the desk. biko inquest announced. he looked up at the two officers. the government was admitting that an inquest was proper, and at the same time punishing one of the people who wanted it. well, he hated the banning, but he had got the inquest.it was a long drive from johannesburg to east london - more than eight hundred kilometres. woods sat in the back seat, his bags piled around him. beukes drove and boshoff sat in the front seat beside him. for miles they said nothing.finally, boshoff spoke. 'i knew steve biko, you know. well, i met him once in a raid on natal university. he was very intelligent - i agree with you about that.''yes. he was very intelligent. killing him was not,' woods said bitterly. he turned and stared out at the darkness. 'and trying to cover it up with lies was stupid.''well,' boshoff replied easily, 'we don't know what happened yet, do we?''i saw his body,' woods said shortly. 'he died of brain damage caused by someone hitting him on the head several times. kruger knows that. he's had the report for weeks.'no one spoke for a long time. then beukes glanced at woods in the mirror. 'i've got two small children, mr woods,' he said quietly, 'and i think about the future. tell me, what would you do?'the words were sincere and helpless, and at that moment woods could find sympathy for beukes and the thousands of young afrikaners like him. 'i have children, too,' he answered. 'but the days of a few whites controlling a black country are over. it's going to change - either in violence or in partnership. for the sake of your white children and mine, i hope that it's partnership.'boshoff laughed. 'with people like biko?'the words stabbed woods like a knife. partnership with biko! what would that have been like? he remembered biko's words, as they walked together near zanempilo: 'we have all got to accept that south africa belongs to all of us who live here - black and white.'as he stared out into the darkness during that long drive home, woods prayed that somehow biko's ideas would be kept alive, to give hope for the future.