'is that your man?' moses asked.'maybe,' woods answered.moses stopped the land rover and woods jumped out. the car was covered with mud, and as he approached woods saw that the driver was sleepng. he went closer. it was bruce!woods banged on the window. 'wake up! bruce! wake up!bruce opened his eyes sleepily.'wake up!' woods shouted again.finally, bruce opened the door. 'at last! i thought you would never get here!'woods turned and waved at moses. 'thanks, moses! it's the right one.''good luck, father,' moses called as he drove off.woods got into the car. 'we've got to move fast. moses says the roads are bad because of the rain.'bruce looked at his watch. 'eight thirty. it took me two hours from maseru yesterday, and i was driving fast.'he started the car, a bmw, and got it on to the road. in the first four hundred metres woods realized he was in the hands of an expert driver. in no time at all, the bmw passed moses and drove on to maseru. it was a hundred kilometres of hilly roads, with the great lesotho mountains on their right.when they saw the first buildings of maseru it was 9.56. bruce kept his eyes on the road and did not reduce his speed. as they approached the centre of the town, with its buildings of red stone, woods saw a man wearing a suit and carrying an umbrella. he might have the information woods needed.'excuse me!' woods called, jumping out of the car as bruce stopped. 'can you tell me where the american or british offices are?'the man looked calmly at woods and then pointed his umbrella. 'the british high commission? it's there on the right.'woods saw the british flag and began to run towards the building. he ran up the steps past a guard who looked at him in surprise. inside the building a receptionist sat behind a large desk.'i must see the high commissioner at once,' woods gasped. she did not move. 'my ... my name is donald woods,' he explained. 'i'm the editor of the south african daily dispatch.'the receptionist looked at him doubtfully, and put her cigarette to her mouth. at last, she picked up the phone. 'there's a father donald woods, an editor, to see the high commissioner.''i'm not a father,' woods whispered.'yes, sir. the daily...' she looked up at woods.'dispatch,' he said softly.'dispatch,' she repeated, and then nodded. 'yes, sir.' she carefully put the phone down and turned to woods. 'the high commissioner is in london, but the acting high commissioner will see you.'she pointed to the door behind her and woods hurried to it. as he rushed in, the acting high commissioner, james moffat, came across the room to greet him.'i didn't realize you were a priest!' moffat exclaimed.'i'm not, but i desperately need to use your phone.'moffat was surprised, but he sensed the urgency. he pointed to the phone on his desk. 'please,' he said. 'we understood you were banned?''i was. can i phone south africa direct?''yes, yes. would you like a cup of tea?' moffat asked kindly.woods smiled and shook his head. 'i've come to ask you to let me and my family enter your country,' he said as he finished dialling.moffat was still rather puzzled, but he bowed. 'our pleasure,' he responded with a little smile.'what time is it?' woods asked, looking at his watch.moffat glanced at the clock on the wall behind woods. 'just after ten.'woods listened anxiously as the phone at the other end went on ringing.in umtata, wendy's mother hurried in from the garden to answer the phone. 'it's all right, dear,' she called to her husband. 'i'll answer it. yes, hello? donald!' she exclaimed.at that moment she heard a car approaching. she looked out of the window and saw the white mercedes driving up to the house. 'this is strange - wendy is just arriving. i'll call her.' she went to the open window. 'wendy! the phone!'wendy got out of the car and ran towards the house, the children following her.'donald?' wendy's mother said, with some concern. 'you haven't quarrelled, have you? she's got all the children with her. no, no, don't say anything. she's coming now.'wendy came into the room. little mary rushed past her, straight into her grandmother's arms. 'it's donald,' wendy's mother explained cheerfully.afraid to pick it up, wendy stared at the phone. was he in lesotho, or had he failed to get across?'go on, mum,' dillon urged.slowly, wendy moved to the phone.'what's the matter?' wendy's mother asked uneasily. 'is something wrong?'wendy did not answer. she picked up the phone. 'donald?'woods exploded with relief. 'wendy! i'm here! come as quickly as you can.'after all her control, wendy finally burst into tears. 'he's there!' she said to jane and dillon. 'he got across. donald, shall we cross at telle bridge?''yes. it's a sleepy little place, i can tell you. from umtata you'll have good roads most of the way, but just hurry!''we're on our way,' wendy promised. 'i love you.''i'm a priest,' woods responded. 'you can't talk to me like that! hurry!'wendy wiped her tears, smiling. 'children, all go to the toilet, quickly,' she ordered. 'mum, have you got some fruit we could take?'her mother turned to go to the kitchen. 'we'll drive you,' she called over her shoulder.