day and night, two security policemen sat across the road. sometimes ken visited and drove woods to the beach. the two policemen followed in their car.woods wanted to communicate biko's ideas, his nonviolence and his views on confrontation. soon, he found that he was writing a book about biko. when woods thought of biko's death, he wondered how biko had continued to believe that human beings are more good than bad. biko had expected the struggle in south africa to continue for twenty years, but he had no doubt that history was moving in the right direction. some days woods smiled at the thought that biko would have called his book 'non-violent action'.after three months, woods finished writing. then he invited father kani to the house and showed him the manuscript. on the first page woods had put two photographs of biko, one of him laughing and the other showing him very serious. father kani took the manuscript away with him, secretly, to read. three days later he came back, and he and woods went for a walk in the garden.'i like what you've written,' kani told woods quietly, 'but you're playing with fire. if you get caught, you'll get what steve got, and no one would ever know why.'woods felt deeply disappointed. 'so you think i've done it for nothing?' he sighed.'what i think is that you should destroy what you have written immediately, or else get yourself out of south africa with the manuscript.'woods stared at him, unable to believe him. 'leave here? permanently?' south africa was his home - his father's home, his grandfather's home, his children's home!'actually, yes,' father kani said. 'one or the other'woods had put too much of his heart into the book to destroy it immediately. instead, he called bruce mccullough and asked him to come and visit him. bruce agreed with kani, but instead of telling woods to destroy the manuscript, he contacted a friend in london who promised to publish it if it reached london.a few days later, woods and wendy took the children to one of the many beaches on the east london coast. the security policemen followed them but stayed on the hill when the family went down to the beach. it was deserted. while the children played in the sand and the waves, woods told wendy that they must leave south africa so that the book on biko could be published in england.wendy stiffened, and stared at woods angrily. 'i don't believe this!' she said fiercely. 'because you want to publish a book, you're going to tear the children from their schools, their grandparents, their whole life?'woods was totally unprepared for wendy's reaction. 'they're children, they'll...''you don't even bother to ask me what i want to do! maybe we hate the way this country is governed, but it's still our country!'woods began to get angry himself. 'wendy, do you just want to accept steve's death? accept what the government is doing?''what more do you want?' wendy shouted. 'you've got the inquest! you're banned! are you going to change the government all on your own?''i'm going to do what i can!' woods shouted back at her. 'i'm a writer! do you think i can just sit for five years and not write a word?''and what would we do? where would we go? donald, we've got five children!''we'll survive. i'm not...''i know you! you'll tear our lives apart just to see "donald woods" on the cover of a book!'woods jumped to his feet. he had never hit wendy, never even thought of hitting her, but at that moment he had to get away while he could still control his anger. he turned and walked away down the beach, the security policemen watching him. he walked for half an hour, trying to cool down. it was true that he very much wanted the book to be published. but it was only part of the truth. in his mind steve biko was the greatest man he had ever met, and that his life should end unnoticed seemed to woods a crime, almost as great a crime as his murder.finally, woods walked back to wendy who was still sitting on the sand. he sat down near her, but she did not move or even look at him.'wendy, can we talk this over?' he asked quietly.she looked at him and he saw that she had been crying. 'i'm sorry i was so cruel,' she said at last.woods shook his head. 'no, it's true that i want a book published. but... but if steve died for nothing, if they just bury his name, if things are just going to get worse...'tears came back into wendy's eyes, but her voice was quiet. 'who do you think you are? god?'woods sighed and stared out over the shining blue sea. 'no, but there's no writer who knows steve's story or this government like i do.''there are seven of us, donald! you're forty-three years old! what is one book going to do?' she glanced over her shoulder at the security policemen watching them. 'do you think they'll let us out? we could all get killed, trying to escape - or end up in prison for years. and your book still wouldn't be published.''i'm not god,' woods said, 'but we know what this country is like now. we can't just accept it and we can't wait for god to change it. we have to do what we can - and the book is what i can do.'what he said was sincere, touching the truth deep within him, and it reached wendy. she turned to him, her face full of love mixed with disagreement. finally, she leaned across the sand towards him. woods put his arms around her as she cried again.from the top of the hill, the security policemen still watched them.nothing was said about leaving south africa for more than ten days. wendy knew that woods still wanted to leave, and he knew that she still did not want to leave. then one afternoon, when wendy was playing the piano and woods was rewriting part of the book which might never be published, the postman knocked at the front door.mary ran to the door, charlie the dog following her. 'mummy! daddy!' mary called excitedly. 'it's for me and duncan! a parcel!'duncan rushed out of the living room. 'it's true, mum! can we open it?'wendy continued playing the piano. 'of course, if it's for you.'duncan tore open the parcel and held up a t-shirt. there was a picture of biko printed on the front. it was a very small shirt, and he handed it over to mary.'i'm going to try it on,' mary said, and ran to the mirror in the hall.woods came out of his study as duncan held up the second t-shirt. 'look, wendy,' woods called. 'i wonder who sent them? is there a return address on the box?'a desperate scream shocked them all. mary was standing with the t-shirt over her head. she was holding her arms straight out and screaming in pain. woods and wendy ran to her and evalina rushed out of the kitchen. woods pulled the t-shirt off mary's head. the skin on her face was bright red and swollen, her eyes half-closed. still screaming, she started to rub her eyes.'don't touch your eyes!' woods shouted, holding her hands. 'wendy, call dr james - ask him to come immediately!'wendy ran to the phone and woods picked up mary and carried her to the kitchen. she went on screaming as woods and evalina splashed water on her face and shoulders.duncan had dropped the shirt he was holding, but stood at the door shaking his hands. 'what's the matter? what is it?''go and wash your hands!' evalina said. 'quickly!'duncan rubbed his hands on his chest. 'my hands are hurting. why did they make the shirts that way?''duncan!' woods shouted. 'didn't you hear what evalina said? go and wash your hands!'duncan burst into tears.later that night, wendy went to kiss duncan as he lay in bed. bandages covered both his hands.'you'll be all right, dear,' she said. 'dr james said it should stop burning in a day or two. that medicine will help you to sleep well, dr james said.'when wendy went into mary's room, woods and jane were standing near her bed. she was sleeping, bandages on her arms and shoulders, her red, raw face covered with a white powder.jane was crying. 'even if they hate us, how could they do that to her?' she whispered.wendy put her arms tightly around jane, looking down at mary. finally, she glanced up at woods. 'i think i want to see that book published,' she said, tears filling her eyes.donald put his arms around both of them.