where the river buffalo flows into the warm indian ocean, on the south-east coast of south africa, lies the city of east london, with its wonderful climate, beautiful sandy beaches, clear sea, and evergreen trees. it is the home, too, of the daily dispatch, the respected newspaper which in november 1975 began a new battle with the south african government.donald woods, editor of the daily dispatch, sat at his desk looking at the stories for the front page of tomorrow's newspaper. there was a story on the government's refusal of a new appeal for the release of nelson mandela. there was also a story on the pardon for richard nixon by president ford of the united states of america, which woods had intended to use as the main story. but news had just come in of a police raid on the black township called crossroads, in cape town, more than a thousand kilometres away on the south-west tip of south africa. woods moved the stories around on his desk. he would make the crossroads story the main story, and move news of a japanese factory in durban to the back page.'boss!' ken robertson, one of the journalists on the daily dispatch, burst into the office and threw a bundle of photographs on to woods' desk. he lit a cigarette and began to smoke as woods looked through the photographs.they were pictures of the police raid on crossroads: a woman holding a baby in her arms in front of her wrecked home; two policemen beating a boy; an old man sitting in an armchair, with broken walls around him; a policeman with a whip chasing a girl; a bulldozer smashing through a tiny kitchen.woods looked up at ken in amazement. 'how did you get these?'ken smiled. 'i got them. do we dare use them?'woods examined the pictures again. in cape town black workers could get work without work permits. some of these workers brought their families with them, which was also against the law, and built a room for them out of wooden boxes or bits of tin. white employers benefited from the low wages the illegal workers accepted. however, from time to time, so that the town did not become permanent, the police came with whips and burning tear gas, forcing the men into police buses and moving them out of the city. then the bulldozers came to tear apart the houses made of wooden boxes, and bits of tin.woods suddenly smiled. 'i'll print them,' he said. 'i'll even put your name underneath them.''thanks!' ken responded. 'if the police pick me up, your name will be the first on my lips!'the law did not allow newspapers to print photographs of police beating black people, but if there were enough violent pictures the government sometimes let the matter drop in order to prevent the newspapers giving the public more information.'come on, tell me. how did you get these?' woods demanded once more, staring at ken through his glasses. his thick grey hair made him look older than his forty-two years.'the newspaper will have to pay my expenses, that's all i can say about it. drinking is the hardest part of my job!' ken picked up one of the photographs. it showed a wall, covered with large pictures of the serious, handsome face of a young black man, with the name biko underneath. 'what about mr biko?' ken asked. 'will you use his name?''was mr biko meeting his supporters in crossroads?''i think so. i was told that his name was everywhere.'woods sat back in his chair and took off his glasses for a moment. 'no. leave him out of the story. i want to write about him and his black consciousness in an editorial.'ken nodded and left the room with the pictures. woods turned back to his desk. woods did not believe that black people should be allowed to vote. he accepted the laws that forced blacks and whites to live in separate areas. but he had been trained as a lawyer, and he did not like police brutality against black people. he would put one of ken's pictures at the top in the centre of the front page.newspapers all over south africa used ken's pictures of the raid on crossroads. woods received lots of phone calls - threats from the police, unknown callers making threats on his life, occasional words of congratulations from editors of other newspapers. the editorial attacking stephen biko, however, won approval from everyone. or so woods thought.mamphela ramphele marched confidently into the offices of the daily dispatch. she was dressed in jeans and a white shirt and she looked beautiful. when she came to the receptionist's desk, she threw a newspaper down in front of ann hobart.'i would like to know who's responsible for this,' she demanded.ann looked at the paper. it was folded to show woods' editorial on biko: bantu stephen biko - the ugly threat of black racism.'doctor mamphela ramphele,' she said, showing ann her card. 'and i won't leave until he sees me.'ann hesitated. she was annoyed by this black woman who had so much confidence. but she picked up the phone. 'there's a dr ramphele wishing to speak to you, mr woods,' she said coldly.woods assumed that dr ramphele was an old man with some story to tell. 'please send him in,' he answered.woods glanced up from his work as ann opened the door and announced dr ramphele, and was amazed to see an angry young woman marching towards him.mamphela put the editorial on the desk in front of woods. 'i've been reading this paper long enough to know that you're not one of the worst white journalists. so i'm surprised to think you would write such rubbish!'woods recovered from his surprise. 'well, dr ramphele, i've written against white prejudice, and if you think i'm going to ignore black prejudice, then you're complaining to the wrong man!''black prejudice!' mamphela exploded in anger. 'that's not what steve biko believes in at all! don't you find out the facts first, before you print?''i think i do understand what mr biko believes in!' woods began angrily.'well, you understand wrong!' mamphela interrupted. 'and he can't come to you, since he is banned. if you want to find out the truth, you ought to go and see him!'woods looked at mamphela in silence. she was beautiful, intelligent, and full of confidence. 'where are you from?' he asked at last, the anger gone from his voice.'from here. from south africa.' mamphela was still angry. 'i was one of two from my tribal area to be given a place at natal medical school. i am an example of your white concern for the black people of this land.'woods almost lost his temper. then he sighed, sat back in his chair, and threw his pencil down on the desk. 'well,' he said slowly, 'i'm glad we didn't waste our money.'mamphela smiled slightly, the humour dissolving her anger. she moved away from the desk and sat down, staring at woods as if wondering what to say next. at last she spoke again. 'i know you're not a fool, mr woods, but you are uninformed. steve biko is one of the few people who can still save south africa. he's in king william's town - that's his banning area. you ought to see him.'woods thought that her quiet sincerity was as impressive as her previous anger.