we stood rooted to the earth with thick-coming fears. then jack gave a fierce shout, dashed aside two natives who stood in his way, rushed towards the heap, sprang up its side, and seized avatea in his arms. he leaped down again and placed her back to a large tree. then, wrenching a war-club from the hand of one of the savages, he whirled it above his head and yelled, his whole face blazing with fury:"come on, the lot of you, and do your worst!"the savages gave an answering yell, and started towards him, but tararo sprang forward and raised his hands above his head. the savages stopped and the chief turned to jack. "you are very brave-but foolish," he said. "but i do not forget that once you helped me. i will say that avatea shall not be harmed for three days. now go back to your ship.""do as he says," the missionary whispered to jack. "three days are worth having."jack hesitated for a moment, then lowered his club, and threw it to the ground. the missionary stepped forward and whispered a few words to avatea. she replied by a single glance of her dark eyes, before tararo took her by the hand and led her away.we returned to the schooner. as soon as we were in the cabin, the missionary said,"if you are prepared to give up this ship, the girl may yet be saved.""how?" we asked eagerly."if you were to raise the anchor," the missionary said, "you'd have a thousand warriors standing on your deck. they will watch you all the time, so the ship must be left behind. these savages will think that you would not sacrifice it for the sake of a girl, so as long as the ship does not move all will be well. now, i have told you that there is an island about fifty miles to the south. i suggest that you load a canoe with stores, put avatea on board, and paddle to the island. i will stay here till they discover that you are gone.""and what next then?" jack asked."i do not know. at all events, i have told the girl to meet us at a spot to which i will guide you tonight. no watch will be kept on the girl, for they will think it impossible for her to escape. it will be easy for me to get hold of a canoe, but fifty miles on the open sea will not be an easy voyage to make.""there's no other way," said jack, and looked at peterkin and me. "do we go?" he asked.we nodded. it was agreed.it was close on midnight when we dropped over the side of the schooner and into the canoe which the missionary had sent one of the crew to get. we paddled quietly across the bay. a quarter of an hour brought us to an overhanging cliff. as the canoe grated on the beach a hand was laid upon the bow and a dim form was seen."avatea?" whispered the missionary.there was a soft murmur in the darkness, and the girl stepped into the canoe.we sped once more across the still waters of the lagoon and put the missionary on board the schooner again. then we turned towards the opening in the reef and drove the canoe into the long swell of the ocean.all that night and the whole of the following day we plied the paddles in turn. jack had taken the bearing of the island just after we started, and kept a pocket-compass before him as he paddled. peterkin and i were in the bow, and avatea worked untiringly in the middle.at dusk of the next day, jack threw down his paddle and called a halt."we've come a long way," he said. "it's time we had a good meal and a sound sleep."we hungrily ate the cold roast pig we had brought with us, while the night closed in and all around was calm and dark and silent. and then we slept...i was awakened by a cry from peterkin, just as the grey dawn began to glimmer in the east."what's wrong?" said jack, starting up."look!" gasped peterkin.his face was filled with dread and he pointed across the sea. a glance showed me a great war-canoe speeding towards us. with a cry of despair jack seized his paddle and shouted for us to do the same. we did not need telling. already our four paddles were glancing in the water, and the canoe went bounding over the glassy sea.the chase, however, could end only in one way. it was two hours before the war-canoe was close enough for us to hear the cries of the men in it, but then they came on rapidly.jack shouted for us to stop paddling. we turned the side of the canoe towards our enemies, and put down the paddles. jack said nothing, but stood up and lifted his club in an attitude of bold defiance.the other canoe came on like a war-horse, with the foam curling up from its sharp bow, and the spearheads of the savages gleaming in the sunlight. no one spoke. we could hear the hissing water, and see the fierce faces of the warriors as they came rushing on. i waited for them to turn the head of the canoe. they made no move to do so, and suddenly i realized their intention. i grasped my paddle, stood up, and gave one cry. next moment the sharp prow of the war-canoe struck us like a thunderbolt and hurled us into the sea.i'm not sure what happened after that, for i was struck on the head by the canoe in passing, went into the sea, and almost drowned. when i recovered my senses i found myself on my back, bound hand and foot, in the bottom of the large canoe. peterkin and jack were beside me.the voyage back to mango was one long torment. we were given neither food nor water the whole time and suffered agonies from thirst, for the air was exceptionally hot and it seemed that a storm was building up.while we were being led ashore, we caught a glimpse of avatea, who was not bound in any way. our captors drove us before them towards the hut of tararo. the chief awaited us with an ugly look on his face. he spoke, his eyes flashing with anger, to the missionary, who stood beside him."my friends," said the missionary quietly, "tararo says that his debt to you is cancelled. you must die."tararo signed to several of his men, who seized hold of jack and peterkin and me and dragged us through the bush to the edge of the village. here they thrust us into a cave in the cliff, and, having barricaded the entrance, left us in total darkness.we felt about for some time-for our legs were free, although our wrists were still bound-till we found a low ledge of rock running along one side of the cave. on this we seated ourselves and waited quietly for the end that we knew must be near.at last we heard a noise at the entrance to the cave. the barricade was dragged away; then three savages entered and led us through the forest, towards the temple that stood on the hill. we had not gone far when a procession of natives came to meet us, shouting and beating drums. we were placed at the head of the procession and forced along towards the temple where, we knew, human beings were offered for sacrifice.i staggered on, so lost in fear and horror that i was hardly aware that the sky had darkened.suddenly there came a growl of thunder overhead, and heavy drops of rain began to fall; the air was filled with the rush of something, and then the afternoon went mad...a hurricane hit mango with a deafening roar. the natives fled for shelter on every side, leaving us alone in the midst of the howling storm.the wind caught us and whirled us along, while great, driven raindrops slapped hard against our flesh."get down!" i heard jack shout, and i threw myself to the ground.a body sprawled down beside me. it was the missionary, and he had a knife in his hand."thank the lord," he cried, as he cut our bonds, "i am in time! now, follow me."we fought our way along in the teeth of the howling wind, which burst with the noise of a thunderclap among the trees, tearing many from their roots and hurling them to the ground. rain cut across the land in sheets; lightning played like forked serpents in the air; and high above the roar of the storm thunder crashed and rolled in awful majesty.we found shelter in a cave and stayed there all through that night and the next day, while the storm raged in fury. in the village the scene was appalling. houses were blown down and whirled away. great waves came sweeping in from the mighty ocean, rising higher and higher on the beach, until the sea was lashing its angry waters far inland and had dashed into wreck those few houses that were still standing.a little before dawn on the second day the backbone of the hurricane broke. when the sun rose, the wind was no more than a steady breeze, and the sea had gone down again. for the first time in two days we thought of the dangers from which we had been rescued by the storm."you must have food," the missionary told us. "i will get that for you, and then you must try to escape."he went off, and was gone for a long time while we waited restlessly. at last we heard footsteps at the entrance, and the missionary stood there with his back to the light so that we could not see his face. as we moved towards him, he took jack by the shoulders and exclaimed:"my dear young friend, through the great goodness of god you are free!""free!" we cried together."yes, free - to come and go as you will. i warned tararo that if he tried to kill you, then the lord would punish him and all his people. the hurricane came to prove my words.tararo has become a christian, and his people are burning their gods of wood. come and see for yourselves!"we could scarcely believe our senses. our eyes were dazzled by the bright sunshine, and our minds by what he had said, as we followed him from the cave and into the shambles of the village. one after another the savages rushed towards us and shook us by the hand. then they fell in behind us, and, forming a sort of procession, we went to meet tararo.the chief was kindness itself, ready to do anything to help us; and avatea, he promised, should be sent in a war-canoe to the island of her lover-chief.our next thought was for the schooner, which, we found, had been washed ashore but not seriously damaged by the storm. with the help of tararo's people we got her afloat again, and repaired what little damage she had suffered. within a week she was fit for the open sea.during this time the natives had started building a church, under the guidance of the missionary, and several rows of new cottages were marked out, so that the place soon looked as if it might well become as peaceful and beautiful a village as any in the south sea islands.we now resolved to delay our departure no longer. three natives volunteered to go with us to tahiti, where we thought it likely that we should be able to pick up a crew of sailors to man our vessel.it was a bright clear morning when we hoisted the snow-white sails of the pirate schooner and left the shores of mango. the missionary and thousands of the natives came down to bid us god-speed, and to see us sail away. as the vessel bent before a light, fair wind, we glided quickly over the lagoon under a cloud of canvas.that night, as we sat at the stern of the schooner gazing out upon the wide sea, a thrill of joy, strangely mixed with sadness, passed through our hearts; for we were at length "homeward bound", and were leaving far behind us the beautiful, bright green coral islands of the pacific ocean.