as i dropped beside the first of the bound men i looked over my shoulder and saw jack rushing upon yellow hair, swinging his club.the chief leaped back as quick as a cat, and at the same time aimed a blow at jack. now it was jack's turn to spring aside, and then the two of them were fighting fiercely.i tore at the cords that held the man's legs, while peterkin went along the line slashing away with his knife. when i looked up again i saw yellow hair swing up his club. then jack darted in and struck the savage between the eyes with all his force. yellow hair fell forward and jack, staggering, went down beneath the body of the chief.the other savages yelled with fury. a dozen clubs were swung high, ready to crush jack's skull, but the men hesitated for a moment, as if afraid to strike their chief.that moment saved jack's life. all the prisoners were free, and peterkin and i led them across the sands, in a howling, shrieking mob, grabbing for stones and fallen clubs as we went.a fierce hand-to-hand struggle followed. seven of yellow hair's men went down beneath the clubs of the prisoners, who knew well enough that they were fighting for their lives. our enemies were taken completely by surprise and, i think, felt disheartened because of the fall of their chief. they were also overawed by the sweeping fury of jack, who had no sooner shaken himself free of the chief 's body than he rushed into the midst of them and struck down three men in as many blows.inside ten minutes all our opponents were either knocked down or made prisoners, bound hand and foot, and stretched out in a line upon the seashore.we stood there, breathing hard, while the savages crowded around and jabbered away in their own tongue, which sounded so strange to our ears. i saw jack take hold of the hand of the big man who was their chief (and who seemed to have recovered from the blow that had struck him down) and shake it warmly to show that we were friends. then his eye fell upon the poor child that had been thrown upon the shore. dropping the chief 's hand, he hurried towards it and found that it was still alive. its mother was lying upon the sand where she had fallen, and jack carried the baby to her and laid its warm little cheek on hers. the effect was wonderful. the woman opened her eyes, felt the child, let out a scream of joy, and clasped the baby in her arms.jack turned away."come on," he said to peterkin and me. "let's take them to the camp and hunt up some food."within half an hour all the savages were seated on the ground in front of our camp making a hearty meal of a cold roast pig, several ducks, some cold fish, and an unlimited supply of fruits.as soon as we had eaten, we three, who now felt thoroughly exhausted, threw ourselves down on our beds and immediately fell fast asleep. then the savages followed our example, and in a little while the whole camp was lost to the world.the sun was up when i awoke, and the savages were already awake. we made a cold breakfast; then jack signed to the savages to follow him down to the beach, where we had left the prisoners forgotten overnight.they seemed none the worse of their night on the shore and they ate greedily of the food we gave them. jack then began to dig a hole in the sand with one of the native paddles and after working at it for some time, he pointed to it and to the dead bodies that still lay stretched out upon the beach. the savages saw what he wanted, ran for their paddles, and inside an hour had dug a hole big enough to make a common grave.the savages stayed with us for three days. during that time we made every effort to talk with them, but all we could learn was that their chief was named tararo and that the young girl was called avatea.on the fourth day the whole party made ready to depart. we helped them to load their canoe with fruit and provisions, and to put the prisoners in it. since we could not speak to say goodbye, we went through the ceremony of shaking hands. as soon as tararo had done that, however, he took hold of jack and rubbed noses with him. then he did the same to peterkin and me. i didn't think that was much fun.avatea was the last to take leave of us. going up to jack, she put out her flat little nose to be rubbed, then turned to me. i thought that was much more enjoyable...two hours later the canoe was out of sight and we were left with an odd feeling of sadness creeping round our hearts.but the days passed by once more, and at last we began to think of the visit of the savages as if it had all been a terrible dream-until, that is, there happened something that was even more of a nightmare...one afternoon jack and i were sunning ourselves on the beach, while peterkin was clambering about on a low cliff behind. suddenly he gave a shout of the wildest excitement. we started up, wondering at the urgency in his voice."a sail!" he yelled. "jack! ralph! there's a ship coming this way!"we clawed our way up the cliff to where he stood. there, right enough, was a schooner, outside the reef, but making for the island under a steady breeze.we were mad with excitement.the ship came on rapidly. in less than an hour she was close to the reef, where she rounded to and backed her topsails as if to survey the coast. we were all leaping and dancing and waving our arms, dreadfully afraid that we should not be seen. then, to our great joy, we saw men beginning to lower a boat."they've seen us," yelled peterkin. "they're coming ashore!"and then several things happened all at once.a flag was suddenly run up to the schooner's peak, and at the same time a little cloud of white smoke seemed to flower from her side, and an instant later a cannon-shot came crashing through the bushes and burst in atoms against the cliff, a few yards below the spot on which we stood.for a moment we were frozen to the spot, filled with a sudden terror. the flag, we could see, was black, with a skull and cross-bones picked out upon it in white. it was the "jolly roger", the pirate flag feared upon all the seven seas."pirates!" we said together.the boat had now shot away from the schooner's side and was making for the entrance to the lagoon. i looked at jack."what are we going to do?" i asked."hide," he said grimly. "we don't want to fall into their hands. come on-quickly!"he tore off into the woods and led us, by a winding path, to spouting cliff. here he stopped, crept up behind a rock, and peered round its edge. i did the same and saw the boat, crowded with men, just running ashore. in another instant the crew had landed and were running up towards our camp.a minute or so later we saw them hurrying back towards the boat, one of them swinging our poor cat round his head by its tail. when he reached the edge of the sea, he tossed it far out into the water, and moved towards his friends, roaring with laughter."you see what we can expect from them," said jack bitterly. "if they decide to search the island, there's only one place we can go-down into the diamond cave."peterkin started."what about me?" he said. "i can't dive down there.""we'll take you down," said jack. "you'll just have to make up your mind to do it. there's nowhere else we can hide."peterkin gulped."all right," he said. "i'll do it. come on!"we crouched low and rushed towards the spot from which we always dived to the cave. before we had gone far a hoarse shout came from the beach: the pirates had seen us. we sprang down to the ledge and jack and i seized peterkin by the arms."keep quite still, peterkin," said jack, urgently. "take a deep breath-and don't struggle. let us take you."peterkin nodded. his face was set, and he looked ready to go through with anything."right!" said jack. "now!"as the pirates gained the foot of the rocks, which hid us for a moment from their view, we bent over the sea and plunged down together head foremost. peterkin behaved like a hero.he floated between us as stiff as a log of wood. we shot through the tunnel and rose into the cave more quickly than i had ever done it before.we all took a long, deep breath and then scrambled out of the water. jack groped around for the torch and tinder which we always kept in the cave. within two or three minutes the torch light was revealing to peterkin the wonders he had never yet seen.we decided that we should have to spend the night in the cave. at odd times jack and i had carried coconuts and other fruits down to the cave, partly because we had an idea that we might be driven there by the savages one day and knew that if that happened we should be glad of a store of food. we wedged our torch in a crack in the rock and ate our supper, then sat and talked in whispers until the dim light that came through the entrance died away, and we knew that it was night. then we put out our torch and settled down to sleep.when i awoke i found it hard to remember where we were. we could see by the faint light that day had dawned, but we had no idea of the hour."one of us ought to dive out and have a look round," jack suggested. "i'll go.""no," i said. "you stay here. you've done enough for us already. let me take a few risks for a change.""all right," jack agreed. "but keep a sharp look-out.""don't get caught," whispered peterkin.while the words were still sounding in my ears i plunged into the water, and swam out to the open air. i rose gently, and floated on my back, listening carefully. there was no sound but the twittering of the birds and the distant boom of the surf. then i swam towards the ledge, pulled myself out, and climbed up the cliff a step at a time till i had a view of the shore.i gave a cry of joy. as i looked out to sea, i saw the pirate schooner sailing away almost hull down on the horizon. we were safe! i shouted again. "there she goes! they've not caught us this time!" almost before i had finished speaking i heard a little movement behind me."i wouldn't be so sure of that," said a gruff voice. at the same moment a heavy hand clapped down on my shoulder and held it as if in a vice.