at dusk, two days later, we found ourselves a few miles to the windward of a large island, from which rose a high, bare mountain peak. i asked bill what it was called."that's emo," he said. "i know it well. i've been there before, and so has this ship. it's famous for its sandal-wood and we've taken off many cargoes already-and paid for them, too! the savages are so many that the captain hasn't dared to take them by force. even so, they don't like us very much. the last time we were here the men behaved very badly, and i wonder that the captain's come back to the place. if you ask me, we'll run into trouble here..."we ran, next morning, inside a barrier reef and dropped our anchor in six fathoms of water, just opposite the mouth of a small creek. a big village lay about half a mile from this point.the captain ordered a boat to be lowered and told me to follow him. we pulled ashore, taking with us fifteen men, all heavily armed, and with the big brass gun aimed to cover us.a swarm of savages ran to meet us. with them came their chief, romata, who led us up to his house, feasted us on baked pig, and talked for a long time with the captain, who spoke the native tongue.i gathered from bill that romata had said he was glad to see us, and that he would set his men to work cutting down and loading sandal-wood trees for us. romata, who was a huge man with a great black beard, was full of smiles and friendliness.the next day most of our men were sent ashore to help cut the sandal-wood. i went with them, while the captain and one or two more stayed on board beside the brass gun, which they had trained point-blank at romata's hut.during the rest-hour bill and i wandered down to the beach to watch the savages swimming in the surf. after a little while one of them came sweeping in on the crest of a wave and landed with a violent bound almost on the spot where we stood. as he rose panting to his feet i saw, to my great surprise, that he was tararo-my old friend of the coral island!we stared at each other. then he gave a shout, rushed forward, took me by the neck, and rubbed his nose hard against mine."has that chap taken a fancy to you?" asked bill in some surprise. "or is he an old friend?"he spoke to tararo in the native tongue, and the two held a long conversation, during which tararo often pointed to me. when they paused i begged bill to ask him about the girl avatea, whom we had saved. at mention of her name, tararo frowned darkly and his eyes flashed with anger. bill listened to him for what seemed a long time."tararo is on a visit to this island," said bill at last. "he comes from an island called mango, where the girl is now. he's angry with her because he's picked out a man for her to marry and she won't do it. she wants to marry a chief who lives on another island. if she won't do what he wants when he goes back, he says he'll send her to her lover as a long pig!"i gaped at him. his face was grim."what's that?" i asked."it means that he'll see her baked over a fire-just like a pig-then send her off to be eaten."i could do no more than stare at him speechless and aghast.we were another week at emo and, as the days passed, it became clear that there was trouble brewing between romata and the captain. once they quarrelled on the shore and romata threatened to send a fleet of his war-canoes to burn the schooner. the captain just smiled at this, looked the chief in the eye, and said: "try it and see what happens. i've only to raise my little finger and my big gun will blow your whole village to pieces!"romata quietened down immediately, but i could see that he was seething with rage. it was, therefore, no surprise when he sent a message to the captain on the eighth day to say that we were not to send our men ashore. only the captain was to go, because romata had something to say to him.the captain was gone for several hours and his face was as black as thunder when he returned. he shut himself up in the cabin, while the rest of us waited to see what would happen next.that evening, when i was on deck, i heard part of a conversation between the captain and the mate. they were down in the cabin, but the skylight was off so that i heard every word quite clearly."i don't like it," said the mate, to begin with. "it seems to me that we'll have hard fighting and nothing to show for it.""nothing to show for it!" exclaimed the captain angrily. "there's a fine cargo lying in the woods and that blackguard chief knows it.now he says he won't let me take it off. well, i'm going to show him a thing or two!""what are you going to do?" asked the mate."i'm going to have the schooner rowed up to the head of that creek over there and then creep through the woods to the village. these cannibals are always dancing around their fires at night, so we can drop forty or fifty at the first volley. after that the thing will be easy enough. the savages will take to the woods, we'll grab what we want, up anchor, and away. give the men a glass or two of rum and warn them to be ready at midnight."i'd heard enough. i crept away, awaiting the coming struggle with dread.at midnight the men were mustered on deck, the cable was cut, and the schooner quietly rowed up into the creek. it took half an hour to reach the spot where the captain wanted us to land. here a small kedge anchor, attached to a thin line, was let over the stern."now, lads," whispered the captain, as he walked along the line of men who stood ready, "don't be in a hurry, aim low, and don't waste your first shots."within a matter of minutes we were all ashore and lined up beneath the overhanging trees."there's no need to leave a man with the boat," i heard the mate whisper to the captain. "we shall want all hands. let ralph stay."the captain ordered me to stand by and guard the boat. then he glided off among the bushes, followed by the men.i waited in the darkness, my heart throbbing wildly. for a long time there was no sound, and a feeling of dread slowly crept over me. i was sure that something terrible was about to happen.and then i heard a shot.it seemed to come from the village, and was followed at once by a chorus of shrieks and yells. shot after shot rang out and echoed through the woods; there were more shouts and screams, and then the firing seemed to be going on all over the place, as if parties of men were scattering through the forest.the noise went on for what seemed a very long time, and then i heard a long-drawn-out yell that could have come only from the savages. it sounded as if they were triumphant, and my blood ran cold at the thought. what should i do if our men were beaten? i could not let myself be taken by the savages; to flee to the mountains would be hopeless; and to take the schooner out of the creek without help was impossible.i had just made up my mind to get back on board the ship, when my blood was chilled by an appalling shriek. i knew the voice to be that of one of the crew. it was followed by a chorus of loud shouts from at least a hundred savage throats. then came another shriek of agony, another, and another.i waited no longer, but seized the boat-hook to push myself from shore. as the boat moved a man came crashing through the bushes, panting and sobbing for breath."stop, ralph!" cried a voice. "wait for me!"it was bill. he bounded into the boat with a leap that almost upset her."push off !" he gasped, and i did so readily enough.in a matter of seconds we were on board the ship; the boat was made fast, the line of the anchor cut, and the oars run out. they were great sweeps that it took all my strength to pull, but, between us, we got the schooner under way.we began to glide down the creek, but before we reached its mouth a yell from a thousand voices on the bank told us that we had been seen. i heard splashes as a number of the savages plunged into the water and swam towards us. one of them managed to grab hold of the cut rope dangling from the stern, and clambered up on to the deck. bill let the fellow straighten up, then struck him a blow that sent him toppling back overboard.but now a greater danger awaited us, for the savages had outrun us on the bank and were about to plunge into the water in front of the schooner.i shouted to bill. he came to his feet, drew a pistol from his belt, sprang to the brass gun, held the pan of his pistol over the touch-hole, and fired. the flash and the crashing thunder of the gun burst upon the savages with such a deafening roar that it seemed as if the island had been torn asunder.in that moment of surprise and hesitation we had time to pass the danger point. a breeze, which the woods of the shore had stopped us from feeling, caught and bulged out our sails. the ship bent before it and we were wafted out to sea.