chapter onethe mormonsin the centre of north america there is a large desert, which for a long time stopped people crossing the continent. no one could live in the desert, many people died trying to cross it to reach more fertile lands.in the year 1847, a traveller stood on a rocky cliff, looking across this empty land. all he could see were the bones of other people who had tried to reach the west. the man was dying from hunger and thirst. with him he had a small child, a girl, who he was carrying in a blanket. they were the only ones left of a group of twenty-one people who tried to travel to a better life, the others, including the little girl's mother, were dead. the man's name was john ferrier, and as the little girl had no one else, he adopted her, and called her lucy ferrier. john knew that if he did not find food and water soon, both of them would die.but he was very tired. he and lucy sat down on the cliff above the desert. before long both of them were asleep.in the distance there was a cloud of dust. the cloud became bigger as it got nearer, until it was clear that it was made by a large group of moving creatures. it was a huge group of carts, men and women, children, horses and animals, who were travelling across america to find a new place to live. one of the men saw lucy and john, high up on their cliff. the great trail of wagons, men and women stopped while some of the men climbed up to see who they were. john ferrier woke up and was shocked to see the empty desert now full of people and life. the men took the man and the little girl to the wagons.'who are you?' asked john ferrier. 'there are so many of you.''there are nearly ten thousand of us,' said one of the young men. 'we're the mormons.''where are you going?' asked john ferrier.'we don't know. the hand of god is leading us through our prophet. you must come before him. he'll decide what to do with you.'the prophet, a man called brigham young, was in a large, brightly painted wagon, with six horses pulling it. lucy and john stood before him.'if we take you with us,' he said, 'you must become believers in our religion. will you do that?''i don't think we have a choice,' said ferrier. 'if we stay here, we'll die.''take them then, brother stangerson,' said the prophet 'and give them food and drink. it's your job to teach these two the way of the mormons. now let's move on!'after a long and difficult journey the group of mormons arrived in utah, where they built salt lake city. the prophet gave each person a piece of land to farm and to build on. he gave the biggest pieces of land to the two elders of the mormon religion; their names were stangerson and drebber.he also gave land to john and lucy ferrier. on the journey, john proved he was very useful, he was a hard worker and a good hunter. john built a fine house for himself and lucy and worked hard on his land and farm. over twelve years he became rich and well known in the area.there was just one thing that the mormons did not like about john ferrier. the mormons practised polygamy; that is, having more than one wife. they wanted john to have many wives but john did not agree with this practice and preferred to stay unmarried.as the years passed and john became rich, lucy was also growing up. she became a very beautiful young woman, and this soon started to cause problems for the ferriers.one day, lucy was riding into town to do some business for her father. she found herself surrounded by a herd of cattle.her horse became frightened and nearly threw lucy to the ground. but at this moment a strong brown hand grabbed the reins of the frightened horse and brought the horse and lucy to safety.'i hope you're not hurt, miss,' said the young man.'i was very frightened,' she said. 'thank you.''i guess you're the daughter of john ferrier,' said the young man. 'ask him if he remembers jefferson hope from st louis. he and my father were good friends.''why don't you come and ask him yourself?' said lucy.after lucy left, jefferson hope realised that he had fallen in love with the beautiful young girl. he was determined to marry her and visited john ferrier that same night. he visited the farm many times, telling stories of hunting, mining for silver and working on ranches. it was clear that lucy, too, had fallen in love with the young man who had saved her.one night, he came to the farm.'i must go, lucy,' he said. 'i won't ask you to come with me now, but will you be ready to come when i'm here again?''when will that be?' she asked.'about two months. your father's happy for us to get married, if i can make enough money to look after you.''if you and father have arranged it all, there's nothing more to say,' she said, resting her head on his chest.he kissed her. 'goodbye my darling - in two months you'll see me again.' she watched him ride away, the happiest girl in all of utah.three weeks passed before the trouble began. brigham young came to visit john ferrier.'brother ferrier,' said brigham young, 'we've been very good to you. you've grown rich with our help. in return, we asked you to become a true believer in our faith. but you've failed us. you haven't taken any wives, and now i hear that lucy's going to be married to a man who isn't one of us. this can't be allowed.'ferrier was nervous at these words. brigham young continued.'we the elders want lucy to marry one of our sons, either stangerson's or drebber's. they're both young and rich. lucy must choose between them.'ferrier was silent for some time. at last he said, 'you must give us time. my daughter's very young.''lucy can have a month to choose,' said brigham young. 'after that she must give us an answer.' he turned and left.lucy came into the room. her frightened face showed that she knew what the prophet planned for her.'what can we do?' she asked. 'there are such terrible stories of what happens to people who don't do what the prophet asks.''we'll send a message to jefferson,' said her father. 'he'll help us to escape from utah and the mormons.''leave utah?' cried lucy.'we have no choice,' said john. 'we'll wait for jefferson to come back and then we'll leave.''but they won't let us leave!' said lucy.'wait until jefferson comes. there's nothing to be afraid of and there's no danger.'that night, john ferrier very carefully locked all the doors and cleaned and loaded his old gun.chapter twoescapethe next morning, john sent his message to jefferson, asking him to return as soon as possible. when he returned to his farm, there were two young men sitting in his living room.'maybe you don't know who we are,' said one. 'this is the son of elder drebber and i'm joseph stangerson. we've come to help you decide which of us will marry lucy.'john ferrier waited.'as i have only four wives and drebber has seven, i think it's better if lucy chooses me,' said stangerson.'no, no,' said drebber. 'i'm much richer than you. i can afford to keep more wives. she'll marry me.''for now, you can both stop fighting over my daughter and get out of my house!' shouted john.'she has a month to choose. now go!''you'll be sorry! shouted stangerson as he left. 'no one opposes the prophet!'the next morning, john woke up to find a note on his bed. it said, twenty nine days left. john did not know how this message was delivered as he slept. all the doors and windows were locked.every day john found another note, counting down the days until lucy had to choose. there was still no news from jefferson.one evening john sat alone trying to think of a way out of his trouble. that morning the number two was written on the wall of his house. the next day was the last day of lucy's freedom. suddenly he heard a quiet scratching on the door to the house.john opened the door. he looked right and left and saw no one.then he looked down, there on the ground was jefferson hope. 'you scared me!' said john. 'why did you come like that?''how's lucy?' asked jefferson. 'is she well?''she doesn't know the danger,' said john.that's good. the house is watched on every side. that's why i crawled to the door like that. we must leave tonight. i have three horses waiting in the eagle canyon. do you have money?' john nodded.'go and wake lucy. we must leave at once'they waited until a dark cloud covered the moon. then they climbed out of the window into the small garden. silently they crossed the garden into a field. suddenly, jefferson pulled them down into the shadow. they saw two men meet in the darkness. 'tomorrow at midnight,' said one. 'tell brother drebber.''nine to seven!''seven to five!' the two men separated and disappeared into the night.jefferson, lucy and john quickly crossed the fields and came to the road. soon the road led between two dark, rocky mountains: eagle canyon, where the horses were waiting for them. as they travelled further and further away from the mormons, all three felt happier. but they were still inside the boundary of the mormon city; a soldier stood on a cliff.'who goes there?' he shouted.'travellers for nevada,' replied jefferson.'by whose permission?''the holy elders,' answered ferrier.'nine to seven.''seven to five,' replied jefferson, remembering the code words he had heard earlier.'you may pass,' said the figure.the travellers knew that freedom lay ahead of them.they continued through the night and at sunrise they stopped to eat and rest. but jefferson did not want to wait long.'they must be following us by now,' he said. 'we must get to carson city and then we'll be safe.' they carried on.on the second day, their food ran out and jefferson knew that he must go hunting for food to survive. in a sheltered place, he built a small fire and left lucy and john to rest while he went hunting. he searched for two or three hours without success, then he found and shot a wild sheep. he cut off as much meat as he could carry and started back to lucy and john. but he was lost. it took him a long time to find his way and it was getting dark. finally he recognised the place where lucy and john were. he shouted to them but there was no reply. he rushed on and, turning the corner, found a pile of hot ashes from the fire but no sign of john and lucy. even the animals had gone.jefferson looked around him. at one side of the fire was a pile of earth. it was a new grave. on it was a stick with a piece of paper on it. it said john ferrier previously of salt lake city died august 4.jefferson looked around for a second grave but there wasn't one. they must have taken lucy back to become the wife of drebber or stangerson. as jefferson realised that he was powerless, he wished that he too was dead like john ferrier.but then he decided to fight back, if he could not have lucy, he would have revenge. he would kill drebber and stangerson.for five days he walked back the way he had come with lucy and john on horse days before. he was tired and hungry but still he kept going. on the sixth day he arrived in eagle canyon. from here he could see salt lake city, the home of the mormons. a man on horseback was passing by. jefferson knew him.'please, tell me what happened to lucy ferrier,' he asked the man.the man looked scared. 'i can't be seen talking to you,' he said. 'they'll kill both of us.''just tell me,' asked jefferson.'she was married yesterday to young drebber,' he said. 'but i don't think he'll have lucy for long. she's more like a ghost than a woman. what will you do?''i'm leaving,' said jefferson. he turned and walked back into the mountains.the man was right. lucy never recovered from the loss of her father and jefferson. in a month she was dead. drebber did not seem sad. he only married her for her father's farm and wealth. but his other wives mourned for her, and sat with her body the night before she was buried. early in the morning, they were sitting around the body when the door was thrown open and a savage looking man walked in. he walked up to the body that once contained the soul of lucy ferrier. he kissed her and then took the wedding ring from her finger.'she won't be buried in that,' he said angrily. he disappeared as suddenly as he came.for several months, jefferson stayed in the mountains around the mormon city. there were stories of attempts to kill drebber and stangerson. they knew it was jefferson and tried to find their enemy and kill him before he killed them. but they failed.jefferson was ill from living in the mountains. he decided that his revenge could wait while he regained his health and earned some money.five years later, he returned to salt lake city, disguised and with a different name. however, the mormons were no longer together. there was a split between the younger and older mormons. drebber and stangerson were no longer mormons and they left salt lake city. no one knew where they were. they only knew that drebber was still very rich but stangerson was not. he was working for drebber as his secretary.jefferson travelled from city to city in america, searching for his enemies. year after year, he continued his search until finally he found the two men in cleveland, ohio. but they managed to escape him again, by leaving for europe. jefferson worked for a while to earn the money to follow them, but he always just missed them. when he reached st petersburg, they left for paris; when he arrived in paris, they went to copenhagen. he followed them all over europe until finally he found them in london. to know what happened there, we can return to the diary of doctor watson, where he recorded jefferson hope's story.chapter threerevengeafter we got our prisoner under control, he was very calm and did not try to hurt us anymore.'i guess you're going to take me to the police station,' he said to sherlock holmes. 'my cab's downstairs. if you free my legs, i can walk down to it.'sherlock holmes did as he asked, although gregson and lestrade looked worried. jefferson hope stood up.'i can drive the cab,' said lestrade. 'the doctor and gregson can travel with you two inside.' we went downstairs to the cab. jefferson did not try to escape and soon we were at the police station.'i'd like to tell my side of the story,' said jefferson hope. 'my heart is weak and i won't live many more days, now my work is done. i don't want to be remembered as a cold-blooded murderer.'he sat down and told his story.'i hated these two men because they caused the death of two human beings, the girl i wanted to marry twenty years ago, and her father. that man drebber forced her to marry him instead, and she died from a broken heart because of it. i've carried her wedding ring with me over two continents in my search for justice. now the two men are dead and i killed them. my work is done.'they were rich and i was poor. it wasn't easy to follow them. when i got to london, i had no money and took work as a cabdriver. i found out where they were staying and followed them. but they were clever. they never went out alone and never after dark. finally my chance came. they separated at euston station. i was close enough to hear their plans. stangerson went to the halliday hotel to wait while drebber returned to their old hotel, madame charpentier's. i followed drebber, and waited outside.'soon drebber came out with a very angry young man, who was about to hit him with a stick. but drebber ran away. he saw my cab, jumped in, and asked to go to the halliday hotel. finally he was in my cab. i took him to the house in brixton road, which i knew was empty.'i didn't want to kill him without giving him a chance. i wanted him to know who i was and why he was going to die. one of the jobs i did in america was working in a laboratory as a cleaner. in the laboratory there was a deadly poison, which i made into a pill. i made some pills which were harmless and some with the deadly poison. with these i could give drebber the chance to choose, and i would eat the other pill.'when we arrived at the house, drebber was still drunk and he thought it was the hotel. he followed me down the path and we went into the empty room. i lit a candle and turned to him. "now enoch drebber, who am i?"'he stared at me drunkenly, the horror showing in his face as he realised who i was.'are you going to murder me?' he stammered.'did you show mercy to lucy and her father?' i cried. 'let god judge between us. choose and swallow,' i said, holding out the pills. 'there's life in one and death in the other. let's see if there's justice on the earth.''i held my knife to his throat until he obeyed me. i swallowed the other pill and we waited. i'll never forget the look on his face as he felt the poison in his body. i held lucy's wedding ring in front of his eyes before he fell to the ground. he was dead.'blood was running from my nose. i don't know why i wrote on the wall with it, perhaps to confuse the police. after i wrote the word on the wall, i returned to my cab and drove away. i put my hand in my pocket for lucy's ring: it was gone. the ring was the only thing i had to remind me of lucy so i returned to the house and walked straight into a policeman. i pretended to be drunk and got away.'that's how enoch drebber died. now i wanted to find stangerson. i went to his hotel and i soon found out which was his window. i climbed a ladder into his room and gave him the same choice of pills i gave drebber. but stangerson jumped up from his bed and attacked me. i stabbed him.'my business was done and i wanted to work a little more to earn money to return to america. i was standing in the cabdriver's yard when a poor young boy asked for a cabdriver named jefferson hope. he said that his cab was wanted at 221b baker street. i went there, suspecting nothing, and the next thing i knew, this man had put the handcuffs on me. that's my story, gentlemen. you may think i'm a murderer, but i think i'm as much an officer of justice as you are.'we sat in silence for a minute after this man's story of justice and retribution.'there's just one thing i want to ask,' said sherlock holmes. 'who was your friend who came for the ring?'jefferson hope smiled. 'i can tell my own secrets,' he said, 'but i don't cause other people trouble. he was a friend who offered to go in case it was a trap. he did it well, didn't he?''yes, indeed,' said sherlock holmes.'now gentlemen,' said the officer in charge, 'the prisoner will be held here until thursday, when he goes to court.' jefferson hope was taken off to a prison cell. sherlock holmes and i went back to baker street.chapter foura case solvedwe were expected in court with jefferson hope on thursday. however, when thursday came, jefferson hope was already dead. on the night after his arrest, his weak heart finally stopped beating and he was found the next morning in his prison cell, lying on the floor with a contented smile on his face.sherlock holmes was cheerful.'i'm so glad i didn't miss this investigation!' he said. 'it really has been a very interesting case. although it was very simple, there are many useful things to be learned from it.''simple?' i exclaimed.'of course,' said sherlock holmes. 'the proof is that, with only a few ordinary deductions, i was able to find the criminal in only three days.''that's true,' i said.'this was a case where we had the result and had to work backwards. i knew that two men arrived at the house in a cab from the tracks of the wheels and the footprints outside. there was no injury on the dead man's body. i sniffed his lips and smelt a bitter smell: poison. because of the expression on his face, i knew that someone had forced him to take the poison.'now the question was why? there was no robbery. it was either politics or a woman. when the ring was found, that answered the question. the murderer used the ring to remind his victim of a dead or absent woman. at this point i asked gregson if he had asked anything in particular about drebber's past in his telegram to cleveland. he said no, so i did his work for him. when i contacted cleveland, i asked only about the marriage of enoch drebber. they told me that drebber asked for the protection of the law from an old rival in love called jefferson hope, and that this man hope was in europe. you remember the telegram in stangerson's pocket: "j. h. is in europe."'i knew that the murderer was also the driver of the cab. if a man wanted to commit murder, he wouldn't do it with someone else, a cabdriver, waiting outside. also, a cabdriver is the perfect job for following someone around london. that's why i asked young wiggins to ask in every cab company in london for a driver named jefferson hope. as you know, he found him and brought him to me.''you really are wonderful, holmes,' i said. 'your achievements should be publicly recognised. i'll publish your account of the case.''you can try,' said holmes, 'but look at this,' he said, handing me a newspaper.it read: 'jefferson hope, suspected murderer of mr enoch drebber and mr joseph stangerson, has died. the details of the case will probably never be known, although we do know that the crimes were a result of an old feud, in which love and mormonism played a part. both the victims belonged to the religious group the mormons when they were young. hope also comes from salt lake city, where the mormons founded their religion.'our police force has been very efficient in capturing the murderer. all credit must go to the well-known detectives, gregson and lestrade. the murderer was captured in the rooms of a mr sherlock holmes, an amateur detective who has also shown some talent. perhaps, in time, he will be as clever as gregson and lestrade.''didn't i tell you at the start?' laughed holmes. 'for all our hard work, gregson and lestrade take all the credit!''never mind,' i answered. 'i have all the facts in my diary and the public will know them, even though no one else appreciates you!'