'you are - you are a detective, aren't you?' asked ginevra. 'a very well-known detective?''the best detective in the world,' said poirot, saying it as a simple truth.'have you come here to protect me?' ginevra asked quietly.poirot stroked his moustache thoughtfully. 'are you in danger, mademoiselle'?''yes, yes - they're trying to kill me!' ginevra looked around quickly. 'i told dr gerard about it in jerusalem. he was very clever. he didn't say anything but he followed me to petra. he is kind and good - he's in love with me!' ginevra's voice became soft and beautiful. 'he says my name in his sleep. i saw him - lying there ill on his bed - saying my name. i went away quietly.' she paused. 'did dr gerard ask you to protect me? there are enemies all around me - sometimes they are in disguise.''yes, yes,' said poirot gently. 'but you are safe here - with your family.''they are not my family!' ginevra said proudly. 'i can't tell you who i really am - it's a secret.''was your mother's death a great shock to you, mademoiselle?' poirot asked gently.ginevra stamped her foot angrily. 'she wasn't my mother! my enemies paid her to pretend she was!''where were you on the afternoon of her death?''i was in my tent ... it was hot in there, but i didn't come out in case they killed me...' she shivered with fear. 'one of them - looked into my tent. he was in disguise but i knew him. i pretended to be asleep. the arab prince sent him to kidnap me.''they are very romantic, these stories that you invent,' poirot said.ginevra stopped and looked at him angrily. 'they're true! they're all true.' again she stamped her foot, before turning and running down the hillside. poirot stood looking after her, and in a few minutes he heard a voice close behind him.'what did you say to her?' asked dr gerard, a little out of breath, as sarah joined them.poirot answered the doctor's question. 'and ginevra was angry?' said dr gerard. 'that's good! she still knows that what she says isn't true. when she comes to my clinic in paris - it is all arranged - i will make her better. ginevra enjoys acting and drama, and being the centre of attention - like her mother!' he hurried down the hill after ginevra.'ginevra is nothing like that horrible old woman,' said sarah with a frown, 'although in jerusalem i once felt sorry for mrs boynton myself. i suddenly saw her differently - not evil, but pathetic.' sarah's face went red as she remembered that meeting. 'i felt so stupid,' she admitted, 'and i felt even more stupid when lady westholme said she'd seen me talking to mrs boynton. she probably overheard me.''what exactly did mrs boynton say to you?' poirot asked. 'can you remember the exact words?''i remember,' replied sarah, 'because she said it so poisonously- not even looking at me. she said, "i never forget. remember that. i never forget anything - an action, a name or a face..."then she suddenly asked, 'monsieur poirot, have you found out anything definite about mrs boynton's death?''i have found out that raymond boynton spoke to his sister carol when he talked about killing his mother. he told me that they were both overexcited - and forgot about it the next day.' then he added gently, 'miss sarah, what are you so afraid of?' sarah's face was white. 'that afternoon, when he left me, raymond said he wanted to do something now while he had the courage. i thought he meant just to - to tell her. but what if he meant...'chapter threeteennadine boynton was walking with jefferson cope along the stony hillside. her face was pale. 'jefferson,' she said. 'i've got to talk to you.''of course, nadine - but don't be upset,' said mr cope. 'you must do just as you want.''you know what i'm going to say, don't you?' she said with emotion. 'you're so good and kind, jefferson, and i've treated you so badly.''nadine, you know i love you, but all i want is for you to be happy. when you decided to leave your husband you were honest with me - you didn't say you were in love with me. but i was happy - all i wanted was to look after you.''i'm sorry,' said nadine, 'i'm so sorry, jefferson.''but i somehow thought you'd change your mind. and things are different now - you and lennox can have a life of your own.''yes - i can't leave lennox now,' said nadine quietly. 'please forgive me.''there's nothing to forgive,' said mr cope. 'we'll forget about that afternoon and will just be friends.'nadine placed a gentle hand on his arm. 'dear jefferson, thank you. i'm going to find lennox now.' she turned and left him. mr cope went on alone.lennox was so deep in thought that he didn't notice nadine until she sat down beside him on the hillside. 'we haven't been able to talk until now,' she said. 'but lennox, i'm not going to leave you now.''were you really going to leave me, nadine?' lennox said seriously.she nodded. 'yes. i thought it was the only thing i could do. i hoped you would be jealous and follow me.''i was so shocked when you said you were going away with jefferson cope!' said lennox. 'why didn't i leave with you when you asked? when you told me i realized that there was only one thing to do if i didn't want to lose you. i went and -''don't!' said nadine.lennox gave her a quick look. 'i went and - argued with mother. i told her that i chose you.' he paused. 'yes, that's what i said to her.'