hercule poirot had arrived at the town of amman and was staying with colonel carbury, who was the man in charge of the area. colonel carbury had gentle blue eyes and a bald head - and was very untidy.the colonel smiled across the table at his guest. 'i'll be very happy to show you around,' he said to hercule poirot. 'there are some very interesting things to see.' the two men had a drink, and then after a pause colonel carbury asked, 'does your profession follow you around, poirot? i mean, do you often find dead bodies when you are on holiday?''it has happened a few times, yes,' admitted poirot.'there's a dead body here that i'm not happy about,' said the colonel. 'it's an old american woman, who died at petra. it's very likely that she died a natural death - but i think her family killed her. no one liked her, but if she was murdered it will be very difficult to prove. still, i want to know what happened.' hercule poirot nodded. 'was there a doctor there?' he asked. 'yes, there were two doctors,' replied colonel carbury. 'one was ill with malaria, and the other - a young woman - is just qualified. but the old woman's death wasn't unexpected. her health was bad, and she was taking medicine for her heart.''so why, my friend, are you worried?' asked poirot gently. 'have you heard of dr theodore gerard?' the colonel asked him.'yes,' replied poirot. 'he is very famous.''well, he's the doctor who was ill with malaria. i'll phone him and ask him to come and tell you his story.' when colonel carbury had used the phone, poirot said, 'tell me about this american family.''the family name is boynton,' answered the colonel. 'there are two sons - one married - and two daughters.''boynton?' interrupted poirot. 'that is strange - very strange.''the mother was an unpleasant old woman,' continued the colonel. 'she had all the money and made her family do everything she wanted.''aha!' said poirot. 'that is interesting. do you know who inherits her money?''it's divided equally between all the family,' said colonel carbury. 'so maybe just one of them killed her - or maybe they all helped. or maybe i'm completely wrong!'chapter twowhen dr gerard arrived, colonel carbury introduced him to hercule poirot. 'tell monsieur poirot the facts,' the colonel said to the doctor. 'he's very interested.''i am always interested in crime,' admitted poirot, as the three men sat down with a drink.'well,' said dr gerard, 'i'll tell you my story, and you can see what you think.' he told poirot everything that had happened before and after his arrival at petra, and then described his return to the camp on the afternoon of mrs boynton's death. 'i was very ill with malaria,' dr gerard continued. 'when i got to my tent i couldn't find my medicine bag for a while - it wasn't where i left it. when i did find it, i opened the bag but i couldn't find my syringe. i was going to inject myself with quinine. i looked for the syringe for a while, but finally drank the quinine instead and lay down on my bed.'dr gerard paused. 'mrs boynton had been sitting in the same place, and hadn't moved all afternoon,' he continued. 'we didn't know she was dead until six-thirty, when one of the servants went to tell her that dinner was ready. miss sarah king, who is a qualified doctor, looked at the body and decided that mrs boynton had been dead for some time.''how long exactly had mrs boynton been dead?' asked poirot.'miss king didn't think that was important,' said dr gerard.'but when was she last seen alive?' said poirot.colonel carbury read from an official-looking document. 'lady westholme and miss pierce spoke to mrs boynton shortly after four o'clock,' he said. 'lennox boynton spoke to his mother about four-thirty, and his wife nadine talked to her about five minutes later. carol boynton also spoke to her mother, but doesn't know when. we think it was about ten minutes past five.'jefferson cope, an american friend of the family, returned to the camp with lady westholme and miss pierce, and saw that mrs boynton was asleep. he did not speak to her. that was about twenty to six. it seems that raymond boynton, the younger son, was the last person to see his mother alive. he returned from a walk and spoke to her at about ten minutes to six.''did anyone go near mrs boynton after her son raymond?' asked poirot.'i don't think so. from six o'clock servants were busy and people were going to and from their tents. no one saw anyone approach the old lady.''so raymond boynton was the last person to see his mother alive,' said poirot. dr gerard and colonel carbury looked at each other. 'but there's a problem,' said dr gerard. 'miss king said that mrs boynton had been dead for "some time". but when i told her that raymond had spoken to his mother just before six, she said that was impossible - mrs boynton was already dead by then.''that is very curious,' said poirot. 'what does raymond boynton say about that?''he swears that his mother was alive,' said colonel carbury. 'raymond said something like, "i'm back - i hope you had a nice afternoon". he says that his mother answered, "quite all right" and he went on to his tent.''curious,' said poirot again, with a frown. 'and when did you see the body, dr gerard?''not until nine o'clock the next morning,' replied the doctor. 'by then it was impossible to say how long mrs boynton had been dead. all i can say is that she had been dead for at least twelve hours, but not dead more than eighteen hours. and that doesn't help.''go on, dr gerard,' said colonel carbury. 'tell poirot everything else.''when i got up in the morning,' said dr gerard, 'i found my syringe behind some bottles on my table.' he leaned forward. 'perhaps i was too ill to see it the day before - i was shaking and had a fever. but i'm sure the syringe was not there the day before. and there was a mark on mrs boynton's wrist that could have been made by a syringe. carol boynton says the mark was made by a pin.''ah!' said poirot. 'please continue.''and finally,' said dr gerard, 'when i looked in my medicine bag i saw that some of my drug digitalin was missing - and injecting someone with a large dose of digitalin causes death by stopping the heart.''mrs boynton already had a bad heart, i believe,' said poirot.'yes, she did,' replied dr gerard. 'in fact she was taking a medicine containing digitalin. if she took too much medicine over time, she may have died of digitalin poisoning - but a medical examination would not show it.'colonel carbury looked at poirot. 'so what's your expert opinion?' he asked. 'was it murder or not?''wait,' said poirot. 'i too have some evidence.' he smiled at their look of surprise. 'at the window of my hotel room in jerusalem, i heard a voice, which said, "don't you agree that she's got to be killed?" at the time i did not think these words were about a real murder - but now i am not so sure.'poirot paused. 'and i believe i know who spoke those words,' he said. 'it was a young man i later saw in the hotel - raymond boynton.'chapter three'so raymond boynton said that!' exclaimed colonel carbury. 'he is definitely the most obvious suspect. it will be difficult to prove anything, but if it is murder, we must do something!''what do you think, dr gerard?' asked poirot.'mrs boynton was an unpleasant woman - and with a weak heart she could have died at any time,' said dr gerard slowly. 'now she is dead her family are free.''so you are satisfied?' said poirot.'no!' said dr gerard, hitting the table with his hand. 'i am not "satisfied". i am a doctor - i try to save life, not to take it. it is not right for a human being to die before her time has come.''dr gerard doesn't like murder,' said colonel carbury, pouring them more drinks. 'and neither do i.''very well,' said poirot. 'i will find out exactly who killed mrs boynton - if she was killed. i will find out the truth.''how will you do that?' asked dr gerard.'i will carefully examine the evidence, and use method and reason.' replied poirot. 'first, i need to decide whether this murder was planned and carried out by all the boynton family, or just one of them.''if it's just one of them,' said dr gerard, 'it's most likely to be raymond boynton.''i agree,' said poirot. 'the words i overheard and the fact that his story does not fit with miss king's story, make him the obvious suspect. tell me, dr gerard, are raymond boynton and miss king attracted to each other?'the frenchman nodded. 'definitely - they seem to like each other very much.''aha! i believe i have seen miss king - in the solomon hotel. after she spoke to raymond boynton he stood still - as if in a dream - blocking the exit from the lift. three times i had to say "pardon" before he heard me and moved.'poirot thought for a moment. 'so miss king is involved with the boynton family, and could have wanted mrs boynton to die. we must remember that when we consider her medical evidence.'colonel carbury coughed. 'can i interrupt?' he asked. 'those words you overheard, "don't you agree that she's got to be killed?" who was raymond boyton speaking to?''a good point,' said poirot. 'i had not forgotten it. he must have been speaking to a member of his family. dr gerard, can you tell us about the boyntons from a professional point of view - as a doctor?''raymond and carol boynton were in a very nervous state,' said the doctor. 'lennox boynton appeared to have given up hope - he was lifeless and quiet. i believe that nadine, his wife, was deciding whether or not to leave her husband.' he described his conversation with jefferson cope.'and what about the younger daughter, ginevra?' asked poirot.dr gerard looked serious. 'she may have a mental illness called schizophrenia,' he said. 'she is trying to escape her real life by living in a fantasy world - she says she is in danger, with enemies all around her.''but they all know who did it!' said colonel carbury unexpectedly. 'they're all hiding something!''they will tell me what they know,' said poirot confidently. 'when they talk, people normally tell the truth because it is easier than telling lies all the time - and so, the truth becomes clear. but there may be no proof.''once i know the truth, said the colonel, 'i can decide what to do next. but i can't give you much time. i can only keep everyone here in amman for another twenty-four hours.''you will have the truth by tomorrow night,' said poirot quietly.chapter fourhercule poirot was interviewing everyone in a hotel room in amman. sarah king was first. 'i don't understand why i'm talking to you,' she said. 'i know you're an expert on crime, monsieur poirot, but there was nothing strange about mrs boynton's death. the journey to petra was too much for a woman with a bad heart. and if there's any doubt you can have an official medical examination in jerusalem.''but there is something that dr gerard has not told you,' explained poirot. 'a supply of digitalin is missing from his medicine bag.''oh!' said sarah, thinking for a moment. 'is dr gerard sure? he was ill with malaria at the time.''he looked in his bag on the night he arrived in petra. he is almost certain that the digitalin was there then.''almost - ?' said sarah.poirot shrugged his shoulders. 'yes, there is a doubt - as any honest person would feel.'sarah nodded. 'yes,' she agreed. 'people who always feel sure about things can't always be trusted. but monsieur poirot, there is very little evidence. do you really need to be involved? haven't the boyntons suffered enough?''so you think that the very unpleasant mrs boynton is better dead than alive?' asked poirot. 'but to me it does not matter what the victim is like - good or bad. i do not approve of murder.''murder?' sarah breathed in quickly. 'why do you think that?''there is other evidence, mademoiselle,' replied poirot. 'there is the mark of a syringe on the dead woman's wrist. and i myself heard raymond boynton say "don't you agree that she's got to be killed?" so that is why i am investigating mrs boynton's death. will you help me?'sarah's face had turned pale, but after a pause she nodded. 'yes,' she said quietly. 'i think what you're doing is right.''thank you, mademoiselle,' replied poirot. 'now, please tell me what you remember about that day.'sarah thought for a moment. 'in the morning we went out with mahmoud. none of the boyntons were with us. i saw them at lunch - they were finishing as we came in. mrs boynton seemed strangely cheerful, and she let her family go for a walk - it was very unusual.''why do you think she did that?' asked poirot.'i was puzzled.' admitted sarah. 'i thought she must be planning something. then the boyntons left - all except ginevra, who went to lie down in her tent. dr gerard and i joined the others on their walk, at about half-past three.''where was mrs boynton then?' asked poirot.'she was sitting in her chair outside her cave,' said sarah. 'dr gerard and i walked with the others for a while, and then dr gerard became ill and went back to the camp at about four. the rest of us went on walking.''were you all together?' poirot asked.'we were at first,' said sarah, 'then 'nadine boynton and mr cope went one way and carol, lennox, raymond and i went another. later raymond and i sat down alone on a rock together, and when raymond left i stayed to look at the view. at about half-past five i thought i should go back to the camp, and arrived at six - it was just about sunset.''did you see mrs boynton as you came back to the camp?''yes,' replied sarah. 'she was still sitting outside her cave. i went to the marquee - everyone was there except dr gerard. i washed in my tent and then came back to the marquee. one of the servants went to tell mrs boynton about dinner, and came running back to say she was ill. i hurried out to help, but as soon as i touched her i knew she was dead. because she had a heart problem, i thought she could have died in her sleep.''did you have an opinion on how long mrs boynton had been dead?''not really,' said sarah, 'though she had clearly been dead for over an hour - perhaps longer.''over an hour?' said poirot. 'do you know, mademoiselle king, that raymond boynton spoke to his mother about half an hour earlier, and says that she was then alive and well?'sarah didn't look at poirot, but she shook her head. 'raymond must have made a mistake. it must have been earlier than that.''no, mademoiselle, it was not.' poirot noticed that sarah's mouth was very firm and determined.'well,' said sarah, 'i'm young and i haven't seen many dead bodies, but i'm sure that mrs boynton had been dead at least an hour - if not more!''so can you explain,' said hercule poirot, 'why raymond boynton said that his mother was alive when she was dead?''i've no idea,' said sarah. 'all the boyntons are rather vague about times - they're a very nervous family.''and did you ever speak to mrs boynton?' poirot inquired: sarah's face reddened. 'yes, i did - on the day mrs boynton left jerusalem,' she admitted. 'i made myself look very silly.' sarah unwillingly told poirot what had happened. he seemed interested and asked lots of questions. 'it is important for me to understand mrs boynton, and know how her mind worked,' explained poirot. 'your opinion of her is valuable. thank you for your help, mademoiselle - i will now speak to the other witnesses.'sarah stood up. 'excuse me, monsieur poirot, but why don't you wait until after the official medical examination? then you will know if mrs boynton was murdered or not.'poirot waved his hand importantly. 'this is the method of hercule poirot,' he announced. sarah frowned, and left the room.chapter fivelady westholme entered next, looking confident and important. she was followed by miss amabel pierce, who sat down slightly behind lady westholme, in the background.'i am happy to help you, monsieur poirot,' said lady westholme loudly. 'it is my public duty.' she talked about her public duty for some time before poirot managed to ask her exactly what happened that afternoon.'after lunch i decided to rest,' said lady westholme. 'the morning had been quite tiring. miss pierce agreed with me.''oh, yes,' sighed miss pierce. 'i was very tired after the morning. it was such a dangerous and exhausting climb.''so after lunch you both went to your tents?' poirot asked.'yes,' replied lady westholme.'was mrs boynton then sitting at the mouth of her cave?''yes, she was,' said lady westholme.'could you both see mrs boynton?''oh, yes,' said miss pierce. 'she was opposite, you know - a little way along and up above.'lady westholme explained. 'the caves were up on a higher ridge of rock. below the ridge were some tents. then there was a small river - only a stream, really - and across that stream was the marquee and some other tents. miss pierce and i had tents near the marquee - she was on the right side of the marquee and i was on the left. the opening of our tents faced the ridge, but of course it was some distance away.''nearly two hundred yards. i believe,' said poirot. 'i have a plan of the camp here. it says that lennox boynton and his wife nadine were staying in the cave next to mrs boynton's. below but more to the right - almost opposite the marquee - were the tents of raymond, carol and ginevra boynton. on the right of ginevra boynton's tent was dr gerard's, and next to his tent was that of miss king. on the other side of the stream - next to the marquee on the left - is your tent, lady westholme, and the tent of mr cope. miss pierce's tent was on the right of the marquee. is that correct?'lady westholme agreed that it was.'thank you. that is perfectly clear. please continue, lady westholme.''at about quarter to four i went to miss pierce's tent to see if she wanted to go for a walk,' said lady westholme. 'miss pierce was sitting in the entrance of her tent, reading. we agreed to start in about half an hour when the sun was less hot. i went back to my tent and read for about twenty-five minutes. then i joined miss pierce and we went for a walk. everyone in the camp seemed asleep - there was no one about. when i saw mrs boynton sitting up there alone, i suggested to miss pierce that we should ask her if she wanted anything before we left.''yes, you did. it was very thoughtful of you,' agreed miss pierce. 'but she was so rude about it!''as we walked under the ridge,' explained lady westholme, 'i asked if we could do anything for her. do you know, monsieur poirot, the only answer she gave us was a grunt! a grunt! she just looked at us as though we were - as though we were nothing!''it was really very rude!' said miss pierce, turning red. 'i think you were right to say what you did.''i said to miss pierce that perhaps mrs boynton was drunk!' said lady westholme. 'her behaviour was very strange.''had mrs boynton's behaviour been strange earlier that day - at lunchtime, perhaps?' asked poirot.'n-no,' said lady westholme, thinking. 'no, her behaviour then had been fairly normal.''she was very angry with that servant,' said miss pierce, 'just before we left the camp.''oh! yes, i remember, she did seem very annoyed with him! of course,' continued lady westholme, 'it is difficult when servants don't speak english, but when you are travelling you must be patient with foreigners.''what servant was this?' asked poirot.'one of the bedouin servants in the camp,' said lady westholme. 'he went up to mrs boynton and she was very angry - i don't know why. the poor man went away as fast as he could, and she shook her stick at him and called out.''what did she say?''we were too far away to hear. at least i didn't hear anything - did you, miss pierce?''no, i didn't. i think mrs boynton had asked him to get something from her daughter ginevra's tent - or perhaps she was angry because he went into her daughter's tent - i don't know exactly.''what did he look like?' poirot asked miss pierce.she shook her head. 'really, i don't know - he was too far away.''he was a man of more than average height,' said lady westholme, 'and wore the usual bedouin cheffiyah round his head. his breeches were very torn and had been much repaired - shocking! - and his puttees were very untidy. these men need to be managed better!''could you tell me which servant it was?''i don't think so,' said lady westholme. 'we didn't see his face - it was too far away.''i wonder,' said poirot thoughtfully, 'what he did to make mrs boynton so angry? we will have to find out. please continue, lady westholme.''we walked along slowly,' said lady westholme. 'and then we met dr gerard. he looked very ill.''he was shaking,' added miss pierce. 'shaking all over.''i saw at once that he had malaria,' said lady westholme. 'i offered to go back to the camp with him and get him some quinine, but he said he had some with him.''poor man,' said miss pierce. 'it seems wrong for a doctor to be ill.''we walked on,' continued lady westholme. 'and then we sat down on a rock, with a very good view of all the scenery - though we could still see the camp.''so romantic,' murmured miss pierce. 'a camp in the middle of the rose-red rocks.''did you see anyone else?' poirot inquired.'yes,' said lady westholme. 'lennox boynton and his wife passed us on their way back to the camp.''were they together?''no, lennox boynton came first. he looked as if he had too much sun - he was walking as though he was dizzy.''what did lennox boynton do when he returned to the camp?' asked poirot.this time miss pierce managed to speak first. 'he went to see his mother, but he stayed only a minute or two,' she said.'then he went into his cave and after that he went down to the marquee,' said lady westholme.'what did his wife nadine do?' asked poirot.'she passed us a few minutes later,' said lady westholme. 'she stopped and spoke to us - quite politely.''i think she's very nice,' said miss pierce. 'very nice indeed.''did you watch nadine boynton return to the camp?''yes. she went up and spoke to mrs boynton for about ten minutes,' said lady westholme. after that she went down to the marquee where her husband was.'what happened next?' inquired poirot.'that strange american, mr cope, came along,' said lady westholme. 'he told us there were some interesting ruins nearby, and took us to see them. then we walked back to the camp at about twenty minutes to six.''was mrs boynton still sitting where you had left her?' asked poirot.'yes,' lady westholme replied, 'but i didn't speak to her. i went to my tent, changed my shoes and got out my own packet of china tea. i then went to the marquee and told mahmoud to make some tea - and to make sure the water was boiled properly! ''was there anyone in the marquee?' poirot asked.'oh, yes. lennox and nadine boynton were sitting at one end reading, and carol boynton was there too.''and mr cope?''he had some tea with us,' said miss pierce, 'though he said tea-drinking wasn't an american habit.'and then what happened?' said poirot.'raymond and ginevra boynton came in shortly afterwards,' said lady westholme. 'miss king arrived last. when dinner was ready, one of the servants was sent to tell mrs boynton. the man came running back with his colleague and spoke to mahmoud, who went out with miss king. when she came back miss king told mrs boynton's family that she was dead.'and what did mrs boynton's family do when they heard the news?' asked poirot.for the first time lady westholme and miss pierce didn't know what to say. 'well,' said lady westholme uncertainly, 'they - they were very quiet. they all went out with miss king. miss pierce and i very sensibly stayed where we were.' miss pierce looked regretful - she had obviously wanted to go and see what was happening!'later,' finished lady westholme, 'we had dinner before the boynton family so they could eat alone. after dinner i, misspierce and miss king went back to our tents, while mr cope - as a friend of the family - stayed with the boyntons. that's all i know, monsieur poirot.''when miss king told them of the death of their mother, did all the boynton family leave the marquee?' poirot asked lady westholme.'yes - no. i think that the youngest girl, ginevra, stayed behind. do you remember, miss pierce?''yes, i think - i am quite sure she did.''what did ginevra boynton do?' asked poirot. 'did she say anything?''no,' lady westholme frowned. 'she - er - she just sat there.''she twisted her fingers together,' said miss pierce suddenly. 'she didn't show anything on her face, but her hands were twisting and turning.''is there anything else, monsieur poirot?' asked lady westholme.poirot had been thinking. 'no, nothing,' he said. 'you have been very clear - and certain.''i have an excellent memory,' said lady westholme with satisfaction.'one last thing, lady westholme,' said poirot. 'please do not look round. can you describe what miss pierce is wearing today?'lady westholme looked annoyed, but said, 'miss pierce is wearing a striped brown and white cotton dress, and a belt of red, blue and beige leather. she is wearing beige silk stockings and brown leather shoes. there is a hole in her left stocking. she is wearing a bright blue necklace and a silver butterfly ring on the third finger of her right hand.' lady westholme paused. 'is there anything else?' she asked coldly.'excellent, madame!' said poirot, 'you see everything!' lady westholme stood up and left the room. miss pierce, looking down sadly at her left stocking, started to follow.'one moment, please, mademoiselle,' said poirot.'yes?' miss pierce looked up nervously.poirot leaned forward. 'do you see these wild flowers on the table?''yes,' said miss pierce - staring.'and you noticed that when you first came into the room i sneezed once or twice?''yes?''did you notice if i had just been smelling these flowers?''well - really - i don't know.''but you remember that i sneezed?''oh yes, i remember that!''ah, well, it is of no importance. i just wondered if these flowers gave me hay fever.''hay fever?' said miss pierce. 'i remember a cousin of mine had it very badly.'with some difficulty poirot finally got rid of miss pierce. 'but i did not sneeze,' he said quietly, when he had shut the door. 'no, i did not sneeze.'chapter sixlennox boynton came into the room with a quick, confident step. instead of looking exhausted, he now looked lively and wide awake - and nervous.'good morning, monsieur boynton.' poirot stood up politely. 'thank you for talking to me.''why are you asking everyone questions?' lennox said crossly. 'that's what i want to know.''if you do not want to answer -' poirot said.lennox boynton said quickly, 'no, not at all. only - it seems - all so unnecessary.''i understand,' replied poirot, 'but it is just a matter of routine. now, on the afternoon of your mother's death, i believe you left the camp at petra and went for a walk?''yes. we all went - except mother and ginevra.''was your mother then sitting outside her cave?''yes, she sat there every afternoon,' said lennox.'when did you leave the camp?' asked poirot.'soon after three, i believe.''and when did you return from your walk?''i don't know what time it was,' said lennox. 'four or five o'clock, perhaps. about an hour or two after i left.''did you pass anyone on your way back? two ladies sitting on a rock, for instance?''i don't know. yes, i think i did.''did you speak to your mother when you got back to the camp?''yes - yes, i did.''she did not complain of feeling ill?''no - no, she seemed perfectly all right.''may i ask what you both said?'lennox paused. 'she said i was back soon. i said, yes, i was.' he paused again, thinking hard. 'i said it was hot. she - she asked me the time - said her watch had stopped. i took it from her, wound it up. set the time, and put it back on her wrist.' poirot interrupted. 'and what time was it?''it - it was twenty-five minutes to five.''so you do know exactly the time you returned to the camp,' said poirot gently.lennox reddened. 'yes, how stupid of me! i'm sorry, monsieur poirot, i can't think properly. all this worry -''oh! i understand,' said poirot quickly. and what happened next?''i asked my mother if she wanted anything,' continued lennox. 'she said no. then i went to the marquee. none of the servants seemed to be there. i drank some water and sat there reading the old newspapers - and i think i fell asleep. then nadine came in.'and you did not see your mother alive again?' asked poirot. 'no.''did she seem annoyed or upset when you talked to her?''no, she was exactly as usual.''she did not speak about any trouble with one of the servants?' lennox stared. 'no, nothing at all.'and that is all you can tell me?''i am afraid so - yes.''thank you, monsieur boynton - that is all.'lennox didn't seem to want to go. 'er - there's nothing else?''nothing,' replied poirot. 'please could you ask your wife to come in next?'as lennox went out slowly, poirot wrote on the paper beside him, l.b. 4.35 p.m.chapter sevenpoirot looked with interest at the tall, calm young woman who entered the room and sat down. 'i hope you do not mind, madame, talking to me at this sad time?'nadine boynton looked at him thoughtfully. after a pause she said, 'i will be honest with you, monsieur poirot. i did not love my mother-in-law, mrs boynton, and i am not sorry that she is dead.''thank you, madame, for speaking so openly.''but i do blame myself,' continued nadine. 'i was the cause of my mother-in-law's death. you could even say that i killed her.' poirot leaned back in his chair. 'will you explain that more clearly, madame?'nadine bent her head. 'my married life,' she said, 'has not been happy. i thought that mrs boynton had too much power over my husband. on the afternoon of mrs boynton's death i decided to leave lennox, and go away with my friend, mr cope. i walked home to the camp by myself and saw my mother-inlaw sitting alone, so i told her what i was going to do.''was she surprised?' inquired poirot.'yes, she was very shocked,' said nadine, 'and she was angry - very angry. after a while i refused to talk to her any more, and walked away.' her voice became quieter. 'i - i never saw her alive again.'poirot nodded his head slowly. 'i see,' he said. 'so you think mrs boynton died because of the shock?''it seems certain to me,' replied nadine. 'it was a difficult journey to petra, and my news - and her anger - killed her.''and what exactly did you do when you left mrs boynton?' poirot asked.'i went down to the marquee. my husband lennox was there.' poirot watched her closely as he asked, 'did you tell your husband that you had decided to leave him? or had you already told him?'there was a very short pause before nadine said, 'i told him then. he was very upset, but he - he didn't say very much. you see, we both knew that something like this might happen.'after a long pause, poirot asked, 'do you own a syringe, madame?''yes - i mean, no,' said nadine uneasily. 'i do have an old syringe in my luggage, but i left it behind in jerusalem. why did you ask me that, monsieur poirot?'instead of answering, poirot asked another question. 'mrs boynton was taking medicine containing digitalin, for her heart trouble?''yes,' said nadine. she was answering his questions very carefully now.'so if mrs boynton had taken a big overdose of digitalin nadine interrupted him quickly and definitely. 'she did not. she was always very careful, and so was i.''the chemist who prepared the medicine may have made a mistake. we can analyse what is left in the bottle.''unfortunately the bottle was broken,' said nadine.'indeed. who broke it?' asked poirot.'i don't know - one of the servants, i think. when mrs boynton's body was carried into her cave, there was a good deal of confusion and the light was poor - the table fell over.' poirot looked at her. 'that,' he said, 'is very interesting.' nadine boynton moved in her chair. 'do you think mrs boynton died of an overdose of digitalin?' she asked. 'it doesn't seem very likely.'poirot leaned forward. 'even when i tell you that some digitalin was missing from dr gerard's medicine bag?'nadine's face grew pale and she sat very still. 'monsieur poirot, i did not kill my mother-in-law - many people can tell you that she was alive and well when i left her. so please, i am asking you to stop your investigation - if you continue you will destroy people's peace and happiness. can't you say that mrs boynton died a natural death?'poirot sat up straight and his eyes looked very green. 'let me be clear, madame. you think that mrs boynton was murdered, and yet you are asking me to say nothing!'nadine said passionately, 'you don't understand - she was evil!''i do not care what she was like!' exclaimed poirot. 'no one has the right to take the life of another person - i will not accept murder! that is the final word of hercule poirot.'nadine stood up, her dark eyes flashing with sudden fire. 'then you will ruin the lives of innocent people! i have nothing more to say.''but, you do, madame. what happened after you left mrs boynton, while you and your husband were in the marquee together?'she looked straight into his eyes. 'i know nothing, monsieur poirot.' nadine turned and left the room.chapter eightafter writing n.b. 4.40 on his paper, poirot looked up to see carol boynton enter the room. as she sat down, poirot looked with interest at carol's red-brown hair and nervous hands. her face had no colour or expression.'now, mademoiselle,' poirot said, 'will you please tell me what you did that afternoon?'carol's answer came quickly, as if she had practised it before. 'after lunch we all went for a walk. i returned to the camp -' poirot interrupted. 'were you all together until then?''no, i was with my brother raymond and miss king for most of the time. then i walked off on my own.''and what time did you return to the camp?''i believe it was just about ten minutes past five.'poirot wrote down c.b. 5.10. 'and what then?''my mother was still sitting in front of her cave,' said carol. 'i went up and spoke to her, and then went on to my tent.''can you remember exactly what you both said?''i just said it was very hot and that i was going to lie down. my mother said she would stay where she was.''was there anything about her that seemed unusual or different?' asked poirot.'no. at least -' carol paused. 'she was a strange colour - her face was redder than usual.''she may have had a shock, perhaps?' suggested poirot. 'did she say anything about trouble with one of the servants?''no - no, nothing at all.'poirot continued, 'and what did you do next, mademoiselle?''i went to my tent and lay down for about half an hour. then i went down to the marquee. lennox and nadine were there reading. i looked at a magazine.''did you speak to your mother again on your way to the marquee?' asked poirot.'no. i went straight down - i didn't even look at her. then i stayed in the marquee until - until miss king told us she was dead. that's all i know.'poirot leaned forward. 'and what did you feel, mademoiselle, when you found that your mother - pardon, your stepmother - was dead?'carol said uncertainly, 'it was - a great shock.''was it?'carol's face went red. she stared at poirot helplessly, with fear in her eyes.'was it such a great shock, mademoiselle? do you remember a conversation you had with your brother raymond one night in jerusalem?' his guess was right - he knew from the way her face went white. 'how do you know about that?' she whispered.'part of your conversation was overheard.''oh!' carol hid her face in her hands and started to cry. hercule poirot waited a minute, then he said quietly, 'you were both planning to kill your stepmother.'carol sobbed out brokenly, 'we were mad - mad - that evening!' she sat up and pushed her hair from her face. 'you don't understand what it was like! travelling made it so obvious how different we were to other people. and ginevra - mother was making her worse! ray and i were afraid that ginevra was going mad! that evening in jerusalem, ray and i were overexcited. we thought that killing mother was the right thing to do! but we didn't really do it. the next day it seemed stupid - and wrong! mother died naturally of heart failure. monsieur poirot - ray and i had nothing to do with it.''will you swear to me, mademoiselle,' said poirot quietly, 'that mrs boynton did not die as the result of any action of yours?'carol lifted her head. 'i swear,' she said steadily, 'that i never harmed her.'poirot leaned back in his chair, and thoughtfully stroked his moustache. 'what exactly was your plan?' he asked. in his mind he counted the seconds before carol answered - one, two, three.'we didn't have a plan,' said carol at last. 'we never got that far.'poirot stood up. 'that is all, mademoiselle. will you tell your brother to come in next?'carol went slowly to the door. 'monsieur poirot, you do believe me?' she said passionately. 'i've told you the truth - i have!'hercule poirot did not answer, and carol boynton went slowly out of the room.chapter ninepoirot noted the family similarity between carol and her brother when raymond boynton came into the room. raymond's face was serious, but he didn't seem nervous or afraid.'your sister carol has spoken with you?' poirot asked gently. raymond nodded. 'yes. if you overheard our conversation in jerusalem i don't blame you for being suspicious. i can only say that the conversation was - was madness! planning to kill my stepmother - oh, how can i explain? - we were under so much stress that just talking about it made us feel better!'hercule poirot nodded his head slowly. 'that,' he said, 'is possible.''in the morning it all seemed - rather stupid! i swear to you, monsieur poirot, that i never thought about it again. the facts are that i spoke to my mother just before six o'clock, when she was alive and well. i went to my tent, had a wash and joined the others in the marquee. from that time neither carol nor i moved - everyone could see us. so my mother's death was natural - heart failure - it couldn't be anything else!''but miss king,' said poirot quietly, 'said that when she examined the body - at six-thirty - your mother had been dead for at least an hour, if not longer.'raymond stared at him, totally shocked. 'sarah said that?' he gasped. 'but - it's impossible! she must be mistaken! my mother was alive just before six and i spoke to her.' he leaned forward. 'monsieur poirot, people die every day - especially people with weak hearts - and there is nothing strange about it. mother's death only seems suspicious because you overheard what i said.' poirot shook his head. 'you are wrong,' he said. 'there is other evidence - poison taken from the medicine bag of dr gerard.''poison?' ray stared at him. 'poison?' he looked completely shocked. 'is that what you suspect?'poirot said quietly, 'so your plan was different?''oh, yes.' raymond answered without thinking. 'this changes everything ... i - i can't think clearly.''what was your plan?''our plan? it was -' raymond stopped suddenly, and his eyes became wary. 'i don't think,' he said, 'that i'll say any more.''as you please,' said poirot. as he watched the young man leave the room, on his paper he wrote r.b. 5.50. then he wrote a list.boyntons and jefferson cope leave the camp about 3.05dr gerard and sarah king leave the camp about 3.15lady westholme and miss pierce leave the camp 4.15dr gerard returns to the camp about 4.20lennox boynton returns to the camp 4.35nadine boynton returns to the camp and talks to mrs boynton 4.40nadine boynton leaves mrs boynton and goes to the marquee about 4.50carol boynton returns to the camp 5.10lady westholme, miss pierce and jefferson cope return to the camp 5.40raymond boynton returns to the camp 5.50sarah king returns to the camp 6.00mrs boynton's body is discovered 6.30chapter tennext hercule poirot spoke to the guide, mahmoud, whose english wasn't very good - but who liked to talk. it was a while before poirot could ask a question.'no, i do not think any servants were about at half-past five,' said mahmoud. 'lunch is late - two o'clock - and then all afternoon sleep. we all go to sleep by half-past three. at five i get up but no one is there - they all go walking. for me, that is good - i can go back to sleep. at quarter to six trouble begin - large english lady - very important lady - comes back and wants tea. she always complains - says water must be boiling. i have to do it myself. ah, what a life - what a life! i do all i can - always i am blamed!''i have another question,' said poirot. 'the dead lady was angry with one of the servants. do you know which servant it was and what it was about?''i do not know,' mahmoud replied, 'old lady did not complain to me.''could you find out?''no, that would be impossible. none of the servants would admit it. if the old lady was angry then naturally they would not tell. abdul say it was mohammed, and mohammed say it was aziz and aziz say it was aissa, and so on.'poirot finally managed to escape from mahmoud, and went to talk to colonel carbury in his office. 'detecting crime is sometimes very easy,' said poirot. 'all i have to do is let the criminal talk - and he will tell me everything.' briefly,poirot told the colonel about the interviews he had had that morning.'raymond boynton is definitely the most likely person,' said the colonel. 'in a detective story he would certainly be innocent!''do you read detective stories?' poirot asked.'thousands of them,' said colonel carbury. he added, hopefully, 'can you write a list of significant facts, like they do in detective stories? you know, facts that don't seem to mean anything but are really very important?''ah,' said poirot kindly. 'i will do that for you with pleasure.' on a piece of paper he wrote:significant facts1. mrs boynton was taking a medicine containing digitalin.2. dr gerard's syringe was missing.3. mrs boynton definitely enjoyed stopping her family having a good time with other people.4. mrs boynton, on the afternoon of her death, encouraged her family to go away and enjoy themselves.5. mrs boynton enjoyed being cruel to people.6. the distance from the marquee to the place where mrs boynton was sitting is about two hundred yards.7. lennox boynton said at first he did not know what time he returned to the camp, but later he admitted setting his mother's watch to the right time.8. dr gerard and ginevra boynton were staying in tents next door to each other.9. at half-past six, when dinner was ready, a servant was sent to tell mrs boynton.'excellent!' said colonel carbury, smiling widely. 'i don't understand it at all. and you mention the servants a few times - i hope one of them didn't kill mrs boynton. that wouldn't be fair! 'poirot smiled, but did not answer. as he left the office he said to himself, 'incredible! the english never grow up!'chapter elevensarah king was sitting on a hill, picking wild flowers, and dr gerard sat on a rough wall of stones near her. sarah looked up. 'that little man's coming up the hill,' she said 'i suppose he's looking for us.' poirot reached them at last, wiping his hot forehead, before looking sadly at his expensive leather shoes.'this stony country!' he said. 'my poor shoes!''why do you wear shoes like that in the desert?' asked sarah.'i like to be well-dressed,' poirot answered.'women do not look their best in the desert,' said dr gerard thoughtfully. 'miss king always looks well-dressed, but lady westholme wears such thick coats, skirts and boots - and those terrible riding breeches! and poor miss pierce - her clothes are so pale and dull, and she wears too much jewellery.''i don't think monsieur poirot climbed up here to talk about clothes!' said sarah.'true,' said poirot. 'i came to ask you both about mrs boynton. i have a feeling that the way her mind worked is very important in this case.''from my point of view she was certainly very interesting,' said dr gerard. he described his own interest in the boynton family, and his conversation with jefferson cope. 'he had no idea about the hate and unhappiness in the boynton family,' explained the doctor, 'but i think that on the journey to petra, mr cope was beginning to realize what mrs boynton was really like.' he told them what mr cope had said about mrs boynton's behaviour to the servant and her baby.'that story about the servant is interesting,' said poirot thoughtfully. 'it shows how cruel mrs boynton could be. but i do not understand - why did mrs boynton arrange this trip abroad, when she knew it would be more difficult to control her family?'dr gerard leaned forward excitedly. 'she was bored!' he exclaimed. 'she needed a new challenge! mrs boynton wanted her family to rebel, so she could use her power to control them once again.'poirot took a deep breath. 'yes, i see exactly what you mean. mrs boynton chose to live dangerously - and now she is dead!'just then they saw a girl wandering along the side of the hill. her red-gold hair shone in the sunlight, and a strange secret smile was on her lovely mouth.'how beautiful she is,' said dr gerard. 'she has a face to dream of, as i once did. when i was ill with malaria i opened my eyes and saw her face - with its sweet strange smile. i was sorry to wake up from my dream.' then he added, 'that is ginevra boynton.'