2 octoberevery day, phileas fogg left his house at half past eleven. he put his right foot in front of his left foot 575 times - he knew the exact length of every step - and he put his left foot in front of his right foot 576 times before arriving at the steps of the reform club.he usually waited a little before having lunch at thirteen minutes to one. then he went to the lounge room where he spent the afternoon reading the newspapers. at five o'clock he had afternoon tea and at twenty to six it was time to go to the games room to play cards with other wealthy and respected members of the club, like sir ralph gautier and andrew stuart.on this particular day andrew stuart started to read a story to them from the evening newspaper about a robbery at the bank of england.the robbery took place on 29 september. the thief stole fifty-five thousand pounds while the head cashier was busy writing a receipt for just a few pence. england's best detectives were looking for the thief after hearing that the bank of england was offering a reward of two thousand pounds to the person who was able to catch the thief. from the first investigations into the robbery they knew only one thing for certain: he was an elegant, well-spoken gentleman.while the other members of the club sat at the table, ready to play their game of cards, andrew stuart continued to talk about the robbery.'where do you think the thief is hiding? he could be anywhere. the world is so big!''it isn't so big any more,' replied phileas fogg.'what do you mean?' said andrew stuart with a laugh. 'the earth doesn't get any smaller!''ah! but the earth is smaller,' said sir ralph gautier. 'if you think that we can now go around it ten times quicker than we could one hundred years ago. did you know that today a man can travel around the world in only three months?''eighty days to be exact,' phileas fogg corrected him.'eighty days?' asked a surprised man at the table.'well, maybe that's true, but only if you don't consider bad weather, storms, shipwrecks, and other things,' said another.'in eighty days, considering all possible events,' continued phileas fogg.'ah! you think so, do you, mr fogg?' laughed sir ralph, 'well, i'll bet four thousand pounds that a journey like that is impossible in such a short time.''i repeat that it is possible to do the journey in that time,' said phileas fogg, his eyes fixed on sir ralph's smile.'well, if you are so certain, then do it yourself!''i will,' replied phileas fogg.'when?''immediately. and i'll bet not four, but twenty thousand pounds that i can go around the world in eighty days; i will return here in 1,920 hours, or, if you prefer, 115,200 minutes. do you agree to the bet?'they all looked at one another. they could not decide if he was serious. 'we agree,' they said.'good. i'll take the train for dover at a quarter to nine this evening. the bet starts as from...' phileas fogg took a small notebook and pencil from his pocket and made a note:2 october, 8.45 p.m.'and i will return here to the reform club at eight forty-five on saturday 21 december. if i am not here by that time, this cheque for twenty thousand pounds is yours, gentlemen.'and with these words he left the cheque for twenty thousand pounds on the table, picked up his hat and went out of the door.at ten to eight his manservant was surprised to see his new employer come through the door. 'passepartout, we're leaving in ten minutes. we're taking a train to dover,' he said. 'from there, a boat leaves for calais at eleven o'clock tonight. we're going to go around the world - in eighty days. we haven't another second to lose.'his employer did not seem to be in a hurry. the opposite in fact. he spoke a little quicker, but he behaved in the same calm way.'around the world?' said passepartout to himself. 'well really!' he thought, shaking his head. just when he finally thought he had the perfect job. he wanted to work for phileas fogg because he was a gentleman who lived a quiet life, who always did the same things. and now? how could this be a quiet life?'pack a small bag with just my night things in it, please, and pack one for yourself. we can buy everything else when we need it,' added phileas fogg, and with these orders he left the room.passepartout continued to feel a little confused but he followed his master's orders. he quickly packed their bags and at eight o'clock they were ready to leave the house. phileas fogg opened passepartout's bag and put twenty thousand pounds into it. he closed it tightly. twenty minutes later they were at the station.'it must be the money for the journey,' thought passepartout as he sat on the train thinking nervously about the money in his bag. he did not want to lose the bag.after being in the newspapers phileas fogg's journey wasn't a secret. soon everybody in london was talking about phileas fogg's departure and his plan to go around the world in eighty days. some people thought he was mad, others said he was a genius. but a few days later, the front pages had another story. a certain inspector fix, a detective for scotland yard, said he knew the identity of the thief. all the evidence pointed in one direction: to a well-known and respectable member of the reform club - mr phileas fogg.