"keep your head down and give me a combination-left, right, left."jim was teaching jay and howard how to box. jay threw out a right fist and lifted his chin. jim reached forward and gently hit his son's chin. "don't take your eyes off your opponent," he said."that's enough, now," said mae from the kitchen sink.jim looked at his boys proudly. "there's more than one fighter in the braddock family."as the two boys continued to box, they knocked over a chair. mae turned. "i said that's enough!" she cried. "no boxing in the house!" she pointed at her two sons. "you are going to stay in school. then college. you are going to have professions. you are not going to have your heads broken in the boxing ring. is that clear?"the boys froze. before they could reply, mae ran out of the apartment. as she stood outside, she could still hear sporty lewis's words in her head: max baer has killed two men in the ring.she didn't turn when she heard jim's steps. "when you boxed before, sometimes i hoped that you would get hurt. just enough so you couldn't fight again... i always knew a day would come when a fight could kill you. and now it's here." she looked her husband in the eye. "why? why fight him?""this is what i know how to do," said jim simply.mae waited for jim to take her in his arms, to say that he had changed his mind, but he didn't. part of him wished that he could, but it was impossible. she didn't understand how it felt for men like jim or mike wilson-strong, hardworking men who were told that they were useless. there were thousands of people like this now, and they found hope in the fighter they called the cinderella man. jim had to fight, for them.mae's fear turned to anger. "i supported you until now," she said. "but not for this, jim. i just can't..." her voice went cold. "you find a way out of this fight. break your hand again, if you have to. but if you leave this apartment to fight max baer, i won't support you."as the day of the fight grew closer, max baer helped reporters fill their sports pages. his latest demand was that there must be an ambulance outside madison square garden, ready to rush jim to a local hospital after baer hit him.jim just continued training. joe jeannette chose good partners for him to work with in the ring. each one helped jim improve one skill-one partner helped him work on his hand speed; another partner allowed him to practice dodging big punches; another helped him move around the ring quickly.jim, joe, and jeannette also watched film of baer's fights for hours every day. "watch him," said jeannette, pointing. "his punches are strong, but you can see them coming."with just a few weeks to go, braddock's training became even harder. joe and jeannette started changing his boxing partners more and more often, so jim fought a fresh fighter every round. one of the newspaper sports pages included something that joe had said: "braddock is going to be really prepared for this fight, if he lives through training!"joe laughed when he read that, until his wife reminded him that mae braddock would read it, too.finally, the big day arrived. when joe gould arrived at the gym that morning, jim was sitting alone, with a jacket tight around his chest."what's wrong with him?" the manager asked joe jeannette.jeannette shook his head. "he's fitter than ever, but he's old. his ribs aren't strong since the lasky fight."gould already knew about the problem with jim's ribs, but he thought there was something else wrong. gould knew that jim's wife wasn't happy about his profession, and about this fight especially. but whatever the problem was, there was no time to solve it now. the fight was just hours away."the reporters will be here soon," he told jim. "take off that jacket or baer will see that you have a rib problem."jim climbed into the training ring as a crowd of sports writers rushed into the room. he worked hard, but he still wanted to train more after the last reporter had gone.joe jeannette refused. "go home and get some rest. you'll be working hard enough in the ring tonight."so jim went home. he returned to a house that was empty except for mae. she stood silently, looking at the newspaper:world champion fight tonight many worry for braddock' s lifewithout a word, she turned and walked away.as the morning became afternoon, jim lay in bed, unable to sleep. a taxi came for him at four o'clock.mae followed jim outside, where a small crowd of neighbors was waiting: "come home with that title!" "knock him out!"jim kissed his three children. then his eyes met mae's. "i can't win if you don't support me," he said."then don't go, jimmy."time seemed to stretch, with each of them waiting for the other to say something. then mae turned and pulled the children close to her. jim watched as she pushed her way back through the crowd. then he climbed into the waiting taxi.the taxi drove past the tall buildings of manhattan, then crossed the east river. jim was silent, running the films of baer's fights through his head, remembering jeannette's advice-anything to help him forget the look on mae's face as he left.they reached the madison square garden bowl and jim looked out at the waiting crowd. he could see that these people had known hard times. but there was something else, too, a bright look in their eyes-hope.jim saw his own face in the glass of the car window. he had beaten tuffy griffiths so confidently, but that man was gone forever. he had passed his hat hopelessly around the boxing club, but that man, was gone, too. no, he was looking now at the face of every man who had ever been beaten down by hard times but refused to stop fighting.that's when jim knew. no matter what happened tonight, he wouldn't give up. he would die trying.it was a hot day and getting hotter. jim sat in his dressing room waiting to go out and be weighed."come on, champion," said joe gould when there was a knock on the door."wait a minute," said jim. "the last time i looked, i was the challenger, not the champion.""i know what i said," replied joe.on his way to the weighing room, max baer had seen an old trainer who had worked with him years before. there were angry words and baer hit out at the man. cameras recorded the attack.when there was peace in the room again, officials and reporters watched the two boxers being weighed. it was very hot in the crowded room.max baer went first, stepping up with his fists above his head and an ugly smile on his face."ninety-five and a half kilograms," the judge announced.then it was jim's turn. "eighty-six and a half kilograms."max baer was waiting for him when he stepped down. "how does the story go?" said baer, loud enough for all the reporters to hear. "the clock strikes midnight, and then cinderella loses her skirt!"people laughed and more photos were taken, but jim didn't care. he would have the chance to reply later, in the ring. he went back to his dressing room to get ready for the fight.max baer returned to his dressing room. his trainer was waiting with something for the champion to watch-a film of braddock's fight against art lasky."look, right there!" said the trainer, as lasky hit braddock in the ribs, clearly hurting him. "braddock's ribs are weak. if you can hit them with a few good jabs, you'll really hurt him.""i don't need to," answered baer. "i can knock this loser down any time. i just need to give the crowd a good show before i kill him."baer's manager, ancil hoffman, came into the room."did you get it?" asked the champion.hoffman nodded. "the ambulance is waiting outside. there's a doctor there, too."max looked in the mirror. "that's all i can do for him. now braddock's soon his own."mae spent the rest of the day at her sister's house. as the children played, she and alice sat and talked, but they didn't discuss the real reason for mae's visit.as the afternoon shadows grew longer, mae became quieter. at five o'clock, she stood. "no radio, alice," she said. "i'll be back soon."mae walked through the empty streets of newark until she came to the family's church. father rorick stood at the door. there were crowds inside."father?" mae asked, confused by the crowd. "i came to say a few words in church for jim.""all these people are doing the same," said the priest. "they think jim's fighting for them."mae looked at the crowd again. all of these people were beaten down by hard times. they admired her husband. if he could fight and win, maybe they could..."yes, i understand now," said mae. she turned and hurried down the street. she could hear radios through open windows and doors. everybody was getting ready to listen to the fight- at the docks, in homes and bars, in sam the butcher's. beyond newark, too - across the country-people wanted the cinderella man to win. they wanted him to become the prince, the king, the champion.joe gould was taping jim's hands in the dressing room. they could hear the sound of the crowd beyond. suddenly, there was a knock on the door and a small, familiar shape stood there-it was mae."excuse me for a minute," said joe. he left, closing the door behind him.finally, mae spoke. "you can't win if i don't support you.""i keep telling you that," said jim.mae handed him a brown paper bag. "i thought it was going to rain, so i used the money in the rainy-day jar." jim opened the bag and stared at the new pair of boxing shoes inside."maybe i understand." mae's eyes shone. the two kissed and, smiling through her tears, mae said, "i always support you, jimmy. just you remember who you are! you're everybody's hope and your kids' hero and you're the champion of my heart, james j. braddock!"it was almost fight time. "see you at home, okay?" mae whispered, as she moved to the door. "please, jimmy..."jim nodded. "see you at home."chapter thirneenthe hopes of the crowdmadison square garden bowl, long island city,new york june 13, 1935as jim braddock stepped out into the bright lights, the crowd became silent. the ring seemed so far away. between him and it were thousands of people-jim's people. he knew the looks on their faces-people who saw no chance of a future. some had spent their last dollar to be here, but tonight they all held their heads high. their eyes followed him with the wild hope that the story of the cinderella man would have a happy ending.it was the strangest walk to the ring jim had ever made. as he passed, people got to their feet. they smiled and nodded and waved at their hero, but they were still silent. finally, someone called his name and the shout broke the silence for everybody. the whole crowd-thirty-five thousand people-began to shout, and the noise went up to the star-filled sky.mae's sister alice was looking for jay, howard, and rosy, to call them to supper. there was no sign of the children. were they hiding? she was going to look outside, when she heard a sound from the closet under the stairs.all three children were sitting around a radio. they looked up at their aunt, and alice knew that she couldn't stop them. without saying a word, she sat down next to the children and listened to the announcer on the radio.i don't know if you can hear me," the announcer was shouting. "i can't hear myself! the crowd is on its feet and the noise is deafening."back in the madison square garden bowl, the crowd was silent again when they realized that max baer was walking to the ring. the champion felt the crowd's fear. he enjoyed it. when he had climbed into the ring, baer ran around and accepted the crowd's boos with a confident smile on his face.the referee called the boxers and their corner men to him. "i want a clean fight," he said. "when i say break, step back immediately. and remember"-he looked at jim-"protect yourself at all times."as the fighters touched gloves, baer's corner man held a gold watch in front of braddock's face. "one minute to midnight, cinderella!" he laughed.the fighters returned to their corners. baer's manager, ancil hoffman, whispered final words of advice to the champion, but baer wasn't interested. jim closed his eyes. finally, the sound of the bell broke the silence and the fight began.round 1braddock came out fast and hard, hoping to surprise the champion. showing no fear, he hit baer with a right hand, and then followed it with a left to the body. the champion tried to punch back, but braddock danced away.on braddock's next attack, baer was ready. his left fist hit braddock's ribs hard. braddock's answer was a combination of punches-a long right to the face, another right, a left, and a final right to the chin. the champion knew now that braddock had a good punch, but he refused to show any pain."calm down, old man," baer laughed as the fighters held on to each other. "i'll let the fight go a few rounds."as the bell rang, baer knew that he had lost the round on points, but he didn't care. he was confident that he could end this fight at any time with one punch.in the corner, gould met braddock with a big smile. "did you see the look on baer's face when you hit him?"jim took out his mouthguard. "yes, he was laughing.""so use your left hand to knock that smile off his face!"in the opposite corner ancil hoffman was shouting, but baer waved him away. "i'll kill him when i'm ready.""your left, jimmy," joe said again. "remember your left."round 2braddock came out with his fists moving at the start of the second round, too."nobody expected this fight to go one round," the radio announcer was saying. "but it's only reached round two because baer is playing with braddock. he's thrown almost no punches and he's laughing at the challenger."but soon baer started throwing more punches, aiming at braddock's weak ribs. the strength of baer's punches knocked the breath out of him."the champion has really hurt the challenger," said the announcer. the crowd began to boo."that's the right place, isn't it, old man?" said baer.the referee separated the fighters at the sound of the bell. one of braddock's corner men worked on the fighter's cuts, while the other gave the boxer water. jim coughed it back up. he needed air, not water.joe examined jim's ribs. "they're not broken," he said. "not yet."across the ring, baer was playing and acting for the cameras. as he watched this, jim realized that he himself didn't care about pleasing the crowd now. he wasn't even fighting baer. he was fighting to beat the thing that had beaten him. he was fighting for his family's future.round 3for the third time, braddock came out fast. he threw his punches at baer's head, but the champion's punches were aimed at his opponent's body. baer continued to hit braddock's ribs hard with both hands. he hit braddock with a low punch, and the referee warned the champion to keep his fists up.before the fight started again, gould saw that braddock's gloves were down by his side, but there was no time to shout a warning.baer had seen it, too. he hit the side of braddock's head with a big left-hand punch. jim's legs bent. he was clearly in terrible pain- was he going to fall? gould froze in fear. he thought about giving in, ending the fight."give him a chance, joe," said the corner man.a few seconds later, jim stood straighter and reached for the ropes.baer couldn't believe it. he attacked again, but this time braddock hit back with a long right, then a left jab that made baer's head look like a punching bag."that's it!" shouted gould, jumping up and down.round 4from the start of the next round, both men stood toe to toe, throwing jabs. braddock's feet were quicker and his punches more effective, so baer started aiming for the body again. after a few good punches to the ribs, he was sure that every breath caused braddock terrible pain.the two men held each other again and the referee called for them to break. but baer continued to hold braddock."dirty fighting!" shouted gould angrily from the corner."i warned you," the referee told baer. "when i say 'break!' you break!"the crowd booed as baer finally stepped back. he shook the sweat from his thick black hair and held up his hands to apologize. out of the corner of his eye, he could see that braddock wasn't protecting himself.without warning, baer turned and delivered an enormous punch to braddock's ribs. to everybody's surprise-especially baer's -braddock replied with a combination of left-right punches before stepping back.round 5baer's manager, ancil hoffman, couldn't understand it. the challenger's ribs were in bad condition, but braddock was still controlling the fight, jabbing baer again and again and tiring him. the timing of the champion's punches wasn't right, and hoffman knew that he was waiting for the chance to deliver his big knockout punch instead of tiring his opponent. but baer wasn't able to hit braddock, who dodged and danced away skillfully.the champion was getting angry now. he hit braddock with an illegal backhand punch as the referee separated the two fighters. the referee warned baer, but the two men continued fighting before holding on to each other again."step back!" shouted the referee, but the two men didn't let go.braddock hit the champion's chin with his head. the champion shouted in anger. he lifted braddock and threw him into the ropes, paying no attention to the boos of the crowd.when the round was over, hoffman shouted angrily at baer, "what are you doing?""relax," the champion told him."i'll relax," replied ancil, "when we walk out of here with the title."round 6baer hit braddock with three good punches in the first seconds of the round. blood poured from the challenger's nose and mouth.but then, suddenly, it seemed to baer that a train had hit him. it was braddock's right hand, and it hit the champion on the chin with enormous power. baer stepped back, fighting for air. but braddock gave him no space, throwing punch after punch with his left hand. one of them hit the champion just above the eye. baer fought back, but his aim wasn't as good as the challenger's. his right eye began to close.for the first time in this fight, baer felt relief when the bell rang. he promised himself that he would end the fight in the next round, even if he had to kill the cinderella man to do it.round 7as soon as the round began, it was clear that baer had a new attitude. joe gould could see it. the crowd could also feel the change. baer wanted to finish this fight now.but braddock wasn't afraid. he met the champion in the middle of the ring and the two fighters continued the fight. baer hit braddock with several punches to the body. the last of these hit below the belt."keep your punches up, max," said braddock.baer smiled and delivered a combination of punches to his opponent's body and head. "is that up enough?"braddock forced himself to smile through the pain. "that's fine, max."as the bell rang, baer continued throwing punches. braddock hit back as hard as he could, but max baer just laughed."i can't believe this!" said the radio announcer. "everybody expected the champion to win easily. but now, after the seventh round, neither fighter is ahead. either of them could win."