the man smelled. i could smell him from the other side of my office when he came in. mr jules amthor's driver. he gave me one of mr amthor's cards, but i had seen one before - in a more interesting place. he also gave me a hundred dollars, from mr amthor. that was interesting.i locked the office and the man drove me over to stillwood heights, getting green lights all the way. some guys are lucky like that.we drove up a long driveway with bright red flowers down the sides and stopped in front of a large lonely house right on top of the hill. the man opened the door for me and i got out. he led me into the house, into a lift where his smell was even worse than before, and up. there was a desk with a woman behind it when we stopped and the doors opened. she was the owner of the voice on the telephone. i gave her the hundred dollars.'sorry, it was a nice thought but i can't take this. i have to know what the job is before i take any money for it.'she nodded, stood up and pressed a button on the wall. a hidden door opened noiselessly and closed again after i had gone through it without her. there was nobody in the dark room i was now in. i stood for thirty seconds wondering if someone was watching me.then another door opened quietly on the other side of the room, and a tall, thin, straight man in a black suit walked in quickly and sat down on a chair by a table in the middle of the room.'how can i help you?' he asked. his eyes, deep and very black, seemed to look at me without seeing me, without feeling anything.'you seem to forget why i came,' i said. 'by the way, i gave that hundred dollars back to your secretary. i wanted to know why your card was found in the pocket of a dead man last night.'his face didn't change. 'there are things i do not know,' he said after a second or two, 'and this is one of them. anybody can take one of my cards.'i almost believed him. almost, but not quite. 'then why did you send me a hundred dollars?' i asked.'my dear mr marlowe,' he said coldly, 'i am not a fool. i am in a difficult business, always in danger from doctors who do not believe in my work as a psychiatrist. i like to know why people are asking questions about me.'so i told him the whole story of my meeting with marriott and about marriott's murder. nothing changed in his face.then i had another idea. i asked: 'do you know a mrs grayle too, by any chance?'he did. she had seen him about some problem once. that's what i liked about this job - everyone knew everyone. marriott, grayle and now amthor. i was sitting there feeling pleased with myself when suddenly all the lights went out. the room was as dark as death.i kicked my chair back and stood up, but it was no good. i was too slow. i smelled the man behind me just before he took me by the throat and lifted me into the air. i stopped breathing. the only good thing about that was that i couldn't smell him anymore.a voice said softly: 'let him breathe - a little.'the fingers round my throat loosened and i fought my way free from them just in time for something hard to hit me on the mouth. i tasted blood. the voice said: 'get him on his feet. stupid man. i think he can stand on his own now.'the lights went on again and the arms dropped away. i stood, shaking my head, trying to think straight. then i went for the smile on amthor's face with everything i had in my right arm. it wasn't too bad. i hit the smile straight in the middle. amthor looked surprised, very angry, and hurt. suddenly there was a gun in his hand.'sit down, fool,' he said, pointing it at me. blood was coming out of his nose. i sat down near the table.suddenly, everything in my head went black. maybe i went to sleep just like that, with the nasty thin man in the black suit pointing his gun at me. i wasn't too sure when i thought about it later.***when i woke up, i was in a small room with white walls and no window. my throat felt as if someone had jumped on it and i couldn't see clearly. it was as if there was smoke in front of my eyes, filling the room. i was in a bed. i began to remember things: amthor and the man who smelled, breaking amthor's nose. that made me feel better. but then they must have given me some sort of drug to knock me out, or to make me talk, and now i was having a hard time coming out of it.i sat up on the bed and put my feet on the floor. i started to walk across the little room. it wasn't easy. it was as if i had drunk too much. but slowly the smoke started to clear from in front of my eyes. i walked and walked and walked round the room, with my knees shaking but my head getting clearer all the time.there was a bottle of whisky on a small table in one corner but it smelled funny, more drugs in it maybe, so i didn't take a drink. but i could use it another way. i picked it up, went over to the door and shouted 'fire! fire!' steps came running, a key was pushed into the lock and the door jumped open. i was flat against the wall to one side and i hit him with the bottle as he came in - a small, square, strong man in a white coat. another friendly psychiatrist, maybe. he was out cold on the floor, with funny-smelling whisky and pieces of broken bottle all over him. i went through his pockets and took his keys, then i tied him to the bed with his white coat. one of his keys opened the cupboard in the corner of the room and all my clothes were in there. so was my gun, but someone had kindly taken all the bullets out of it.i locked the man in the room and went quietly across the carpet, listening to the silence of the house and holding the empty gun in front of me. there was an open door, with a light on in the room, just in front of me. i heard a man cough. very carefully i looked into the room. he was reading a newspaper. i could only see the side of his face - he needed a shave. but mr moose malloy was having a nice comfortable time hiding in this place, wherever it was. it was time for me to get out, though, to go far away, fast, so i left him there and moved quietly on.***i walked on quietly through the empty house, past rooms with white walls and medicine bottles and metal tables with instruments on them. i saw a clock which told me it was almost midnight but i didn't meet any of the lovely people who worked in the place. at last, i came to the front door. it wasn't locked. i walked out into the night.it was a cool night, no moon. the house was on the corner of a street. the sign said descanso street. i started to walk as fast as i could, listening for the scream of police cars coming to take me back there, but nothing happened.i knew i was somewhere near the address anne riordan had told me for her apartment, at 819 25th street. i worked my way across the streets towards it, and then realized i was still holding my gun in my hand. i put it away fast and kept on walking. the fresh air helped; i started to feel a bit better.the light was still on at number 819, so i rang the bell. a voice from behind the door said: 'who is it?''marlowe.'the door opened and anne riordan stood there looking at me. her eyes went wide and frightened.'my god!' she cried. 'you look like a ghost.'chpater eightbrains behind the businessi was half-sitting and half-lying in a deep chair in her comfortable living-room with its pleasant furniture and curtains. anne sat opposite, her eyes dark and full of worry. she had made me three cups of black coffee and two eggs with some toast and i had told her some of the story, but not all of it. i had not told her the bit about moose malloy.'amthor's a nasty, hard guy,' i said. 'but i don't think he's clever enough to be the brains of a jewel gang. perhaps i'm wrong, but my guess is that i wouldn't have got out of his little hospital if he was boss of a gang like that. i'd be dead.''but he's frightened of something, isn't he? he doesn't like the questions you're asking.'i nodded. 'i think marriott carried amthor's card in his pocket that night exactly because he wanted it to be found if anything happened to him. so we know that the jewel robbery had something to do with marriott's murder and i'm beginning to think amthor had something to do with the jewel robbery. but i don't think he's the top man.'her smile was warm but as sharp as a razor at the same time. 'i forgot you were such a great detective. you get blood all over your face, you get yourself locked up in a hospital for two days, shot full of drugs, and after all that you arrive at the most obvious answer. wonderful!'i stood up. 'yeah. i'm a little slow and tired tonight. would you be kind enough to drive me to a taxi stand? i need a good night's sleep so that i can think out a better answer. and i don't want to stay anywhere too near those guys in that hospital. people round there don't seem to like me too much.'she went quiet. 'you could stay here and ...''you promise you'll lock your door?'she went red and stood up. 'sometimes i think you're the greatest thing i've ever seen and sometimes i think you're the worst, the lowest - you're sick.'she walked out of the room fast and came back with her coat on, her red hair looking as angry as her face. she drove me all the way home, silent and angry, and when she dropped me at the door of my apartment she said goodbye in a frozen voice. she drove away before i had my keys out of my pocket.in the morning, i felt a lot better. my head still hurt and my tongue still felt dry and sticky inside my mouth, but i had known worse mornings. my left foot felt fine. it didn't hurt at all. so i kicked the corner of the bed with it on my way to the bathroom. i was just calling myself some very rude names when there was a loud knock on the door.police detective randall stood there - brown suit, hat, very clean and tidy, and a nasty look in his eye. he pushed the door and i stood back. he came in and looked around.'where've you been, marlowe? wanted to talk to you.' 'i've been sick. in a hospital.' i lit a cigarette. 'and i haven't had my morning coffee yet. i'm not feeling too friendly.''i thought i told you to keep out of this investigation, leave it alone, didn't i? i could make trouble for you, but i haven't. you know why?''yeah. you couldn't find me.'very slowly he took a packet of cigarettes from his pocket, trying to control himself. his hand was shaking when he lit his match. i went out to the kitchen to make some coffee. he didn't like that either but he followed me out.'this jewel gang has been around hollywood for the last ten years,' he said. 'this time they went too far. killed a man. i think i know why.'i got the cream from the refrigerator, poured two cups of coffee and we sat down.'was that a joke about being in hospital?' he asked.'no. i ran into some trouble over at stillwood heights and some kind people put me in a hospital just over the line, in bay city. place for drink and drugs problems. nice little place. shot me full of drugs and kept me there for two days until i woke up and walked out to see a friend.''bay city?' he said. 'man named jules amthor? why did you take that card, marlowe? you should have told me about it. you see, your friend over in bay city, the redhead, she told me. she likes you. she was hoping to help you out of a tight corner with me. her father was a police officer, remember.''ah, hell! trying to help me. nice girl. not my type, though.' he smiled his first smile of the day. he probably only let himself have four smiles a day. i could see he didn't believe me, so i went on: 'this is what i think, if it's any use to you, randall. i think marriott was a blackmailer of rich women. mrs grayle told me so. but i think he was also the finger man for the jewel gang, the boy who could point them in the right direction, tell them where the really expensive pieces were and exactly when and where to move in on his lady- friends when he took them out to dinner. you see, in this grayle robbery, marriott had taken mrs grayle to the trocadero and he was driving the car on their way home. he could choose the streets they took and the gang could follow. i think they killed marriott because people were starting to put two and two together about him, and the answer was four. he wasn't useful to them anymore, so this was his last job for them. but marriott guessed something was going wrong and got frightened. he asked me to go along with him and he had the little trick of amthor's card in his pocket. he was trying to show us who the real brains behind the business were - a guy quite nasty enough and clever enough, and also a guy who could get information about rich women when they came to talk to him about their problems. a very friendly psychiatrist. and marriott's trick with amthor's card worked, too, didn't it?''i think your ideas about marriott may be right,' he said. 'but you haven't told me the whole story, everything you know, have you, marlowe? marriott had twenty-three thousand dollars in the bank. that's a lot of money. but there's also the little matter of that nice house he owned up on west 54th place. number 1644. that interest you at all?' he picked up a spoon and started to turn it in his hand. i didn't answer; just looked at him. he went on: 'you see, i can put two and two together as well, marlowe. and that brings a large ex-prisoner called moose malloy into the picture, doesn't it?''i'm listening,' i said.'so i called up detective nulty, who i hear is investigating that one, and he told me you were trying to find a girl called velma something, malloy's girl. he said you'd been to see a woman by the name of jessie florian. and her address was - guess where? - 1644 west 54th place. the place marriott i owned. so here i am, early this sunny morning, asking you a few questions and you're not helping me much.'i went over to my jacket, hanging on the back of a chair. i wondered if they'd taken my two photos out at the hospital place, but they were both still there: the one of velma valento from mrs florian's box and the one of mrs grayle, which anne riordan had given me. i gave the one of velma to randall first. he studied it carefully. then i put the one of mrs grayle next to it.he looked at it and nodded. 'for twenty million i'd marry her myself,' he said.'there's another thing i ought to tell you,' i said. 'this hospital i was in, down on descanso in bay city. they're running a hiding place for gangsters there too. i saw moose malloy there last night. in a room.'randall sat very still, watching me. 'sure?' he asked.'i didn't make a mistake,' i said. 'even though i was full of drugs. it was him all right.'he stood up. 'let's go and see this mrs florian together, you and me.'i told him everything i knew about this business while we were on our way.chpater ninethe montecitothe old woman in the house next door was still watching everything that moved in the street and her eyes were just as sharp as ever. she didn't have anything new to tell us so we walked across to the next house. the same washing was still hanging stiffly on the washing line at the side of the house. there was no answer when we rang the bell and none when we knocked at the door. the door was locked this time. we went round to the back door. that was locked too but randall kicked it open and we walked past a row of empty whisky bottles in the kitchen, into the living-room. the place smelled horrible. the radio was off.'nice radio,' said randall.mrs florian was in the bedroom. she hadn't been dead for very long. long enough to be completely dead, though. randall looked at her.'this was done the quiet way,' he said. 'just one large pair of hands round her neck. enormous hands. look at the marks on her neck.''you look at them,' i said and turned away, feeling ill again.***we went back to randall's office at the police station, and randall made me make a full report on the story i had told him in the car and on the murder we had found at west 54th place. i signed four copies.'now let me tell you something, marlowe,' he said, sitting back in his chair. 'her neck was broken first and then the murderer started to hit her. why did he hit her when she was already dead? answer: he was angry with her. a thousand dollars was paid to the person who gave malloy's name to the police after the great bend bank job eight years ago, and i think the florians got some of that money. malloy may have thought the same thing. maybe he was just trying to make her tell him who gave the police his name. it was malloy who killed her all right, even if it was a mistake. perhaps he's just too strong.''perhaps,' i answered.'now here's some advice for you, marlowe, from a friend.' he used another one of his four smiles for the day on me. 'go home and forget this whole investigation completely. leave it alone. if you don't, you'll find yourself deep in trouble you won't be able to climb out of. understand?'i said i understood. he looked at me for ten seconds, then he smiled again. he was doing a lot of smiling that day. enough for a whole week.i stood up and said goodbye, went home to get my car and ate some lunch in hollywood before i drove over to bay city. it was a beautiful afternoon, sunny but cool.***i went to see the chief of police, a fat man named john wax, who sat doing nothing in a big office marked 'private'. i told him i was working for mrs grayle and that i was trying to find out more about jules amthor, the psychiatrist, and about the odd hospital for drink and drugs problems right there under his nose in bay city. could he help? it was the name grayle which made him sit up straight in his chair. he asked me to go and lock the door, pulled out a bottle from somewhere in his desk and poured two drinks. he looked hurt as he drank his drink but in the end he agreed to help me in any way he could.he sent a man down with me to look at the hospital on descanso street. it was a pleasant place by daylight, with a garden full of flowers of all sorts. it was quiet and still in the early afternoon sun. outside, two men were studying at tall tree, as if they were wondering how to move it, and another was sitting in a car down the street reading a newspaper. my friendly bay city policeman just drove straight past the house. he wasn't smiling.'los angeles police. what the hell are they doing down here? this is our part of town, our side of the line. the chief won't be pleased.'he drove round the next corner and stopped.'who are the big guys in crime down here in bay city?' i asked him. 'what kind of problems do you face down here?'he didn't answer straight away. then he said very quietly, so that i could only just hear: 'man named laird brunette runs this town. runs all the crime in bay city. owns those two gambling ships out in the ocean there, too, just beyond where we can reach them. we can't touch his gambling business or any other business out there . . .' he stopped. he'd said enough. his eyes started to worry that he'd said too much.'thanks,' i said and gave him my hand. he had given me my next idea.i found a hotel room down by the waterfront in bay city and waited until it was dark. i could hear people talking together and cars passing along the street outside. i thought about the whole story of malloy and velma, marriott and the beautiful mrs grayle, the attractive miss anne riordan, the slow and stupid nulty, the fat and lazy john wax and the clever and deadly detective randall. i thought of psychiatrists and jewel gangs and hard men who took me by the throat and tried to stop me breathing. i thought about a lot of things. it got darker. i needed a drink, i needed a holiday in the sun, i needed a home in the country and i needed a friend, but all i had was a coat and a hat and a gun. i got up, washed my face and got ready for the night's work in front of me.outside, i walked slowly along the seafront and back again, watching the faces in the crowd and the lights of the two gambling ships out there on the dark ocean. a hamburger seller was shouting 'get hungry, friends, get hungry! nice fat hamburgers here. get hungry!' i stopped and asked him the names of the two ships.'montecito and royal crown,' he said, looking at me with careful eyes. 'why are you interested?'i laughed and waited while he served a young couple with hamburgers. then he came close and said quietly: 'you want to hide out there? it'd cost you a lot, friend. not less than fifty to take you out there. the montecito is the one you'd want.'i left him wondering why i had asked him at all and walked further along the seafront, found a place to have dinner and sat down with a drink. the dinner tasted like a postman's sack and the waiter looked as if he'd cut my throat for a dollar. but the drink was good.i took a water-taxi out to the montecito for a quarter of a dollar. it was a long way out over the dark sea. i stared at the orange lights of bay city getting further and further away, disappearing now and then as the boat rode down between two waves. when we arrived, a dark-eyed young man in a blue jacket stepped in front of me as i went up the steps.'sorry, mister. no guns on the boat.''it's part of my clothes,' i told him. 'i'm here to see mr brunette on business.''never heard of him,' he said, with a face like stone. 'get back in the taxi and get on your way - fast. we're not in bay city now. we're not even in california, so move.'i got back in the boat. blue jacket watched me with a silent smile. the taximan didn't say a word the whole way back. as i got off at the waterfront, he handed me a quarter- dollar. 'some other night, maybe,' he said in a tired voice.there was a very big guy with red hair, dirty shoes and torn sailor's trousers in the crowd waiting for the next taxi. he didn't fit in at all. as i went past him, he took my elbow. i stopped.'what's the matter with you?' i asked. i wasn't feeling polite, even though he was three inches taller than me and heavier too.'couldn't get onto the ship?' he asked between his teeth. 'trouble getting on with that gun under your coat, huh?' he looked up and down the waterfront. 'i can help, maybe. can be done, you know. fifty dollars.' i started to walk away but he kept hold of my elbow.'ok. twenty-five, for a friend.''i don't have any friends,' i said, and walked away. he didn't try to stop me. he followed me slowly along the waterfront, through the crowds. i stopped to watch some people playing bingo and he came up next to me - a handsome guy with blue eyes, as big as moose malloy but he looked younger and faster on his feet.he said into my ear: 'what's your business? private investigation? i was on the police here once. i can recognize guys like you.' he smiled.'know a man named brunette, then?' i asked. the smile stayed on his face.'i can borrow a very quiet boat, friend, and there's a place along there, with no lights, where we can leave and come in again without anyone seeing us.' he pointed along the water-front with his chin. 'i know where there's a delivery door on the montecito which you can open and get in, too.'i got my wallet out and gave him twenty-five in new notes. he disappeared quietly among the crowd, with a smile. 'give me ten minutes. my name's red,' was all he said.the noise of the bars and crowds died away behind me, and i found the nice dark place along the waterfront ten minutes later with no trouble. there were some steps down to the sea. i went down them as carefully as a cat and a big black shape suddenly appeared out of the darkness next to me. he pointed down to a boat riding on the sea with its engine going almost noiselessly and said: 'ok. get in.'we moved out into the blackness of the sea and the wave again. it was not the happiest moment of my life. as we went out across the dark water, i told this big friendly giant why i was there, that i wanted to talk to a man called laird brunette, that i wanted to find an ex-prisoner and murderer called moose malloy who might be hiding out on the montecito. i told him more than i meant to, but he listened and thought a bit and then said: 'yeah. brunette runs all the gambling, the drugs and the women in this town. maybe he runs that hospital they put you in, too. but i just don't think brunette would be behind that jewel robbery you were talking about. he's big time, and that's too small. i don't think he had anything to do with that. and i don't think brunette would hide a man like malloy,' he said, 'unless there's something other than money behind it which is worrying him.' he moved his hands on the wheel of the boat and said: 'i don't like these guys at all. i really hate them, in fact.' so i had a friend. we moved quietly in towards the enormous black side of the montecito. there were two big iron doors in the side of the ship, just higher than our little boat. we stopped near them and rode up and down on the waves, listening. everything was quiet except the sound of water and the music up above us.