'as i read, i thought of my own feelings and condition. in some ways i resembled the people in these books, but in other ways i was different from them. i was alone. my body was gigantic and ugly. what did this mean? who was i? what was i? where did i come from? what was the purpose of my life? i asked myself these questions often, but i could not answer them.'plutarch's lives taught me to love and admire the heroes of the past. i read about men who governed or murdered their fellow human beings. i preferred those who governed peacefully, because they resembled my cottagers.'when i read paradise lost, i thought it was a true story. it often reminded me of my own condition. like adam, i was the only example of my kind, but god made adam beautiful. adam's creator cared for him and talked lo him. i was completely alone. often i thought i resembled satan more than adam. like satan, i saw the happiness of other creatures, and i felt envious.'the coat i took from your apartment had some papers in the pocket. when i had learned to read, i looked at them. they were your journal for the four months before you created me. when i read it, i cursed my creator. why did you make me so horribly ugly that even you turned from me in disgust? even satan had friends, the other devils, to admire him, but i had nobody. my creator had abandoned me.'the autumn passed. i saw, with surprise and grief, the leaves fall from the trees. nature became once again cold and sad, as it was when i first awoke in the woods. in summer the flowers and birds had comforted me. now i longed even more to show myself to the cottagers. to win their affection was my greatest ambition.'i decided to enter the cottage when the old man was alone. i knew that my ugliness frightened people, but my voice was not frightening. i thought that i could talk to the old man first and win his sympathy.'one day in winter safie, agatha, and felix went for a walk in the countryside. the old man was left alone in the cottage. trembling with excitement and fear, i knocked on the door of the cottage.'"who is there?" said the old man. "come in.""'i am sorry to disturb you," i said. "i am a traveller, and i am tired. please would you let me sit by your fire for a few minutes?"'"come in," said the old man. "my children are not home, and i am blind, so i will not be able to get you food." '"i have food. all i need is a little warmth." 'i sat down. after a silence, the old man asked, "are you french?"'"no," i replied, "but i was educated by a french family. i am going to some friends who, i hope, will help me." "'are they german?" asked the old man.'"no. they are french. i have no other friends in the world. these people have never seen me, and i am afraid, because if they will not help me i have no other hope."'"do not despair. if your friends are good people, they will help you.""they are kind," i said. "they are wonderful people, but they are prejudiced against me. i am not bad. i have never hurt anyone, but when they look at me they will see a horrible monster.""'if you really mean no harm, can you not explain that to them?"'"yes. i will try. i love these friends very much. for many months i have been doing small things to help them, but they believe i want to hurt them.""'where do they live?" asked the old man.'"nearby."'"if you will tell me your story, perhaps i can help you. i cannot see your face, but i like your voice. i want to help you.""'thank you!" i cried. "those are the first kind words that have ever been spoken to me."'"will you tell me the names of your friends?" he asked.'at that moment i heard the sounds of the young people returning to the cottage. "help me!" i cried. "now is the moment! you and your family are the friends for whom i am searching. do not abandon me!"'felix, safie, and agatha entered the cottage. how can i describe their horror when they saw me? agatha fainted. safie ran out of the cottage. felix attacked me and hit me with a stick. i could have killed him with my bare hands, but i did not. filled with pain and sorrow, i ran out of the cottage and escaped unseen to my hut.'