'when i returned to the cottage, i found that the cottagers had left. i waited all day. they did not return. that night in anger i placed wood around the cottage and set fire to it. the cottage burned quickly to the ground, and i ran into the woods.'where could i go? i thought of you. i knew from your journal that you were my father, my creator, and that geneva was your hometown. i decided to go there. you were my only hope, but i hated you.'it was a long and difficult journey. because i was afraid of being seen by human beings, i travelled only at night. rain and snow fell upon me. i had nowhere to hide. as i came closer to your hometown, my anger and my desire for revenge grew stronger.'one morning i continued walking after the sun had risen. the forest was far from any village, so i thought i was safe. it was the beginning of spring. the sun warmed me, and i felt happy for the first time in many months. walking by the side of a river, i heard human voices. i hid myself under a tree. a young woman ran towards the place where i was hidden. suddenly, she slipped and fell into the river. i ran out of my hiding place and jumped into the river to save her. when i carried her onto the river bank, she fainted. then a man appeared. he ran towards me and took the young woman from my arms. then he turned and ran into the forest. i followed him. when the man saw me behind him, he shot me with a gun. i fell to the ground, and he escaped into the woods.'i was in awful pain. was this the reward for my kindness? i had saved a human being from death, and now i suffered for it. i swore revenge on all mankind. for several weeks i lived a miserable life in the forest, trying to nurse my wound. finally it healed, and i continued my journey.'it was evening when i reached the countryside around geneva. i was very tired and lay down to sleep in a field. i was woken by the approach of a beautiful child. as i looked at him, i thought perhaps he was too young to be frightened of me. if i could take him with me and educate him, i would not be alone anymore. i tried to take him in my arms, but when he saw me he put his hands over his face and screamed."'why are you screaming, child?" i said. "i will not hurt you."'"let me go!" cried the child. "monster! ugly monster! you want to kill me and eat me! let me go, or i will tell my father!""'come with me," i said.'"no!" cried the boy. "let me go! my father is mr frankenstein, the magistrate. he will punish you."'"frankenstein!" i cried. "then you are from the family of my enemy."'the child kept screaming at me. i put my hands around his throat to silence him. the next moment he lay dead at my feet.'i looked at the dead child, and i felt glad. "i too can cause pain," i thought. "this will make frankenstein suffer!"'then i saw something around his neck. it was a chain and locket. in the locket was a picture of a lovely woman. for a few moments i looked at it with pleasure, then my anger returned. no woman would ever love me. if this woman could see me she would faint or scream.'i left the place where i had murdered the child to look for a hiding place. i entered a barn. there i found a young woman asleep. she was not as beautiful as the woman in the picture, but she was young and healthy. "she will smile at everyone except for me," i thought. i bent over her and whispered. "wake up, your lover is here! i would die for one of your smiles. wake up!"'she moved in her sleep. i was afraid she would awaken. if she woke up, she would scream, and i would be arrested for the murder. that thought brought out the devil in me. "she, not i, will suffer for the murder," i thought. "it is her fault really, the fault of all the women who will never smile at me." i put the locket in her clothes and ran away.'after a few days, i came to these mountains. i am alone and miserable. no human being will love me, but someone like myself would love me. make me a wife, frankenstein. create a female of my own kind. this you must do for me.'