the cars of the migrant people came slowly out of the side roads onto the great cross-country highway. in the daylight, they hurried to the west, and as the dark caught them, they grouped near to shelter and water. it might be that one family camped near water, and another camped for the water and some company, and a third because two families found it good. and when the sun came down, maybe twenty families were there. in the evening, a strange thing happened - the twenty families became one family; the children were the children of all.the joad family moved slowly up into the mountains of new mexico. they climbed into the high country of arizona. there a border guard stopped them. "where are you going?""to california," said tom."how long do you plan to be in arizona?""long enough to get across."the guard stuck a sign on the windshield. "ok. go ahead, but you'd better keep moving.""sure. we plan to."they drove up and down hills, and finally to a great flat area that was all desert. they drove all night and came to the mountains in the night. when the daylight came, they saw the colorado river below them. they were stopped at the bridge, and a guard washed the sign off their windshield. they crossed the bridge, and finally stopped.pa called, "we're here - we're in california!" they looked at the broken rock."we've got to the desert," tom said. "we have to get water and rest."the joads and wilsons drove to the river, and they sat in the cars looking at the beautiful water going by. there was a family camping near the river. tom leaned his head out of the truck and said, "can we stop here?"a heavy woman looked up. "we don't own it, mister. stop if you want. a cop will be down to have a look at you."the two cars parked in a clear place on the grass. the tents were passed down, the wilson tent put up, the joads' stretched over a rope.winfield and ruthie walked slowly down through the tall grass. ruthie said, "this is california! and we're right in it." then the two children walked into the water and stood quietly.they heard ma calling, "ruthie, winfield! you come back!"tom said, "i'm going to go down and take a bath. that's what i'm going to do - before i sleep. how's grandma since we got her in the tent?""don't know," said pa. "i couldn't seem to wake her up." a crying sound came from the tent, and ma went inside quickly."she's woken up," noah said. "she's out of her senses."tom said, "she's exhausted. if she doesn't get some rest soon, she's not going to get there."he moved away and the other men followed him. they took off their clothes and walked into the water and sat down.uncle john put his head under the water for a few seconds. "well, we're here. this is california.""we still have to cross the desert," said tom. "and i hear it's hell."noah asked, "are you going to try tonight?""what do you think, pa?" tom asked."well, i don't know. it will do us good to get a little rest, especially grandma. but i'd like to cross it and get settled in a job. only got about forty dollars left. i'll feel better when we're working and a little money is coming in."noah said lazily, "i'd just like to stay here. to lie here forever."pa said, "wait until we get to california. you'll see nice country then.""pa, this is california!"two men dressed in jeans and blue shirts came through the bushes. "do you mind if we come in?""it ain't our river," pa said.the two men shook off their pants and their shirts and stepped out into the water. they were a father and his boy.pa asked, "going west?""no. we've just come from there. we're going back home. can't make a living out there."pa asked, "you can't?""no. but at least we can die from hunger with folks we know. we won't have a lot of fellows hating us."pa said, "what makes them hate you?""don't know," said the man. "you ain't never been in california?""no, we ain't.""well, don't take my word. go see for yourself. yes, it's a nice country. all valleys and fruit. but you can't have any of that. that belongs to a land and cattle company. and if they don't want to work it, it ain't going to get worked. if you go in there and plant a little corn, you'll go to jail!""good land? and they ain't working it?""yes, that's right. and i'll tell you something - they hate you. you haven't been called an 'oakie' yet."tom said, "oakie? what's that?""well, oakie used to mean you were from oklahoma. now it means you're a dirty nothing. but i can't tell you anything. you have to go there." the man looked at his son and laughed. "you ain't going to get any steady work. you're going to work hard for your dinner. and you're going to do it with people looking mean at you."pa asked slowly, "ain't it nice out there at all?""sure, nice to look at, but you can't have any of it."the sun was flaming down now. "if a fellow's willing to work hard, can't he make it?" pa asked.the man sat up and faced him. "mister, i don't know everything. you might go out there and fall into a steady job, and i'd be telling lies. and then you might not ever get any work. a fellow doesn't know everything."pa turned his head and looked at uncle john. "what do you think about all of this?"uncle john said, "i don't know anything about it. we're going there, ain't we? none of this talk is going to stop us going.""yeah," pa said."well, i'm going over there to get some sleep then."tom stood up and walked to the sandy shore. he slipped his clothes on his wet body, walked among the bushes, and lay down. noah followed him."tom.""yeah?""tom, i ain't going on."tom sat up. "what do you mean?""tom, i ain't going to leave this water. i'm going to walk on down this river.""you're crazy," tom said."i'll get a piece of line. i'll catch fish. a fellow can't go hungry beside a nice river."tom said, "how about the family? how about ma?""i can't help it. i can't leave this water. you know how it is, tom. you know how the folks are nice to me. but they don't really care for me.""you're crazy.""no, i ain't. i know how i am. i know they're sorry. but, i ain't going. you tell ma, tom.""now listen to me," tom began."no. i was in that water. and i ain't going to leave it. i'm going now, tom - down the river. i'll catch fish. i can't leave it. i can't." he stepped out of the bushes. "you tell ma, tom." he walked away.tom followed him to the river. "listen, you stupid fool.""i'm sad. but i can't help it. i have to go." he walked along the shore. tom started to follow and then he stopped. he watched noah growing smaller on the edge of the river, until he disappeared from sight. and tom took off his cap and scratched his head. he went back and lay down to sleep.in the tent grandma lay on the bed, and ma sat beside her, and rosasharn sat on the other side and watched her mother."told him to come right here," grandma said. "i'll catch him." she closed her eyes and rolled her head from side to side.rosasharn looked helplessly at the old woman. she said softly, "she's awfully sick."grandma kicked off the blanket with her legs, which lay like gray, knotted sticks. and then her breathing grew steady and easy, and she slept deeply and breathed through her half-opened mouth. the girl lay down on the edge of the bed and closed her eyes. ma turned over on her back and crossed her hands under her head. she yawned and then closed her eyes. in her half-sleep, she heard footsteps approaching, but it was a man's voice that awoke her."who's in here?"ma sat up quickly. a brown-faced man bent over and looked in. he wore boots and a big silver star was pinned to his shirt at the left breast."who's in here?" he demanded again.ma asked, "what do you want, mister?""what do you think i want? i want to know who's in here.""there's just the three of us in here. me and grandma and my girl.""where are your men?""they went down to clean up. we were driving all night.""where'd you come from?""oklahoma.""well, you can't stay here.""we plan to get out tonight and cross the desert, mister.""well, you'd better. if you're here tomorrow at this time, i'll throw you in jail. we don't want any of you settling down here."ma's face was red with anger. "mister, where i come from you keep your voice down. frightening women." she came toward him with a cooking pan in her hand. "go on. i'm glad our men aren't here. they'd pull you to pieces."the man took two steps backward. "well, you ain't in your country now. you're in california, and we don't want you oakies settling down.""oakies?" ma said softly."yeah, oakies! and if you're here when i come tomorrow, i'll put you in jail." he turned and walked to the next tent and banged on the side with his hand.tom heard his name called. "tom, oh tom." he sat up and whistled through his teeth. the bushes shook and ruthie stood looking at him."ma wants you," she said. "ma wants you right away.""all right," he said as he stood up. ruthie ran, and tom heard her call excitedly for winfield as she went.ma had started a fire and had a pan of water heating. she looked happy when she saw him."what's the matter, ma?" he asked."i was scared," she said. "there was a policeman here. he says we can't stay here. i was scared you'd hit him if he talked to you.""why would i hit him?"ma smiled. "well, he talked so bad - i nearly hit him myself."tom took her arm and he laughed. he sat down on the ground, still laughing. "my god, ma. i knew you when you were gentle. what's happened to you?"she looked serious. "i don't know, tom.""first you frighten us with that hammer, and now you try to hit a cop." he laughed softly, "tom.""yeah."she waited a long time. "tom, that policeman - he called us oakies. and he said that we can't stay here.""did he say why?""he said that we ain't at home now. we're in california."tom said slowly, "ma, i have something to tell you. noah - he went on down the river. he ain't going on."it took a moment for ma to understand. "why?" she asked softly."i don't know. he said that he has to.""how will he eat?""i don't know. he said he'll catch fish."ma was silent for a long time. "the family's falling apart," she said. "i don't know. seems like i can't think. i just can't think. there's too much happening."tom said, "he'll be all right, ma. he's a funny kind of guy."the other men came up from the river. their eyes were full of sleep. pa said, "what's the matter?""we're going," said tom. "a cop said we have to go. we can get a good start. it's nearly three hundred miles where we're going."pa said, "i thought we were going to rest.""well, we ain't. we have to go, pa," tom said. "noah ain't going. he walked on down the river.""ain't going? what's the matter with him?""well, we have to go," said tom.wilson walked near for the last words. "we can't go, folks," he said. "sairy can't go. if they jail us, well, they jail us. she's got to rest and get strong."pa said, "maybe we can wait and go together.""no," wilson said. "you've been nice to us, but you can't stay here. you have to get on and get jobs. we ain't going to let you stay."pa said excitedly, "but you ain't got anything."wilson smiled and said, "we never had anything. now you go, or i'll get mean and mad."the men started loading up the truck, uncle john on top, while the others passed things up to him. tom said, "with the load we're taking, this old wagon will boil her head off. we have to have plenty of water."ma passed the boiled potatoes out. the family ate standing, throwing the hot potatoes from hand to hand until they cooled. then, the men went into the tent. grandma was still asleep, her mouth wide open. they lifted the whole bed and gently passed it up to the top of the truck. grandma moved her head, but she did not wake.ma went into the wilsons' tent for about ten minutes and came out quietly. "it's time to go," she said.the family climbed on the truck, ma on top, beside grandma. tom and al and pa sat in the seat, and winfield on pa's knees. connie and rosasharn made a nest against the front. the preacher, uncle john, and ruthie were close together on the load.pa called, "goodbye." there was no answer from the wilsons' tent. tom started the engine and the truck slowly moved away. tom drove into a gas station and checked the tires for air. he had the truck filled with gas and bought two five-gallon cans of gas and a two-gallon can of oil. he looked at a map.the gas station boy in his white uniform seemed anxious until the bill was paid. "you people sure have courage. crossing in this old truck."the truck was back on the road and moved on over the hot earth, and the hours passed. ruthie and winfield went to sleep. connie loosened a blanket from the load and covered himself and rosasharn with it.on the back of the truck ma lay on the bed beside grandma and she could not see with her eyes but she could feel the struggling body and the struggling heart. and ma said, "all right. it's going to be all right. you know the family has to get across. you know that."it was near midnight when they came to the next inspection station. a guard came out from an office and wrote down the license number and looked around. tom asked, "what's this about?""inspection. we have to look over your stuff. do you have any vegetables or seeds?""no," said tom."well, we have to look over your stuff. you have to unload."ma climbed down from the truck. "look, mister. we have a sick old lady. we have to get her to a doctor. we can't wait. you can't make us wait.""yeah? well, we have to look you over.""i swear we ain't got anything," ma cried. "i swear. and grandma's really sick." ma pulled herself up to the back of the truck. "look," she said.the guard shot a flashlight up on the old thin face. "by god, she is," he said. "do you swear you don't have any seeds or fruits or vegetables, no corn, no oranges?""no, no. we don't!""then go ahead. you can get a doctor in barstow. that's only eight miles. go on ahead."tom climbed in and drove on. he increased the speed, and in the little town of barstow he stopped, got out, and walked around to the back of the truck. ma leaned out, "it's all right. let's not stop here. we need to get across.""but how's grandma?""she's all right. drive on. we have to get across."they drove through the night. in the morning light, the sun came up behind them, and then - suddenly, they saw the great valley below them. al stepped on the brake and stopped in the middle of the road. "wow! look!" he said. the rows of fruit trees, the great flat valley, green and beautiful, and the farmhouses.pa said, "god!"al drove to the side of the road and parked. "i just want to look at it." the grain fields golden in the morning.pa said, "i never knew there was anything like this." the peach trees and the dark green areas of oranges. and the red roofs of barns among the trees. al got out.he called, "ma - come look. we're there!"ruthie and winfield hurried down from the car, and then they stood, silent before the great valley. ruthie whispered, "it's california."winfield said, "there's fruit."casy and uncle john, connie and rosasharn climbed down. and they stood silently.tom said, "where's ma? i want ma to see it. look, ma!" ma was climbing out slowly and stiffly. tom looked at her. "ma, are you sick?"her voice was weak. "did you say we crossed?"tom pointed to the great valley "look!"she turned her head and her mouth opened a little. "thank god!" she said. "the family's here.""are you sick, ma?""no, just tired.""didn't you get any sleep?""no.""was grandma bad?"ma raised her eyes and looked over the valley. "grandma's dead."they looked at her, all of them, and pa asked, "when?""before they stopped us last night.""so that's why you didn't want them to look.""i was afraid we wouldn't get across," she said. "i told grandma that we couldn't help her. the family had to get across. i told her."tom said, "wow. you were lying there with her all night long!""the family had to get across.""we have to go now," pa said. "we have to go on down."al climbed on the load to make room for ma in the seat. he sat down beside casy and uncle john. "well, she was old."tom and ma and pa got into the front seat. the sun was behind them and the valley, gold and green, was in front of them. ma said, "it's pretty. it's a pity that grandpa and grandma ain't here to see this.""yeah, it's a pity," pa said.and the truck rolled down the mountain into the great valley.