all over the southwestern states, the owners of the land came onto the land, or more often, someone came for them. all of the owners told their tenants the same thing: "you know the land's getting poorer. the bank has to have profits all the time. it can't wait for next year's crops. one man on a tractor can take the place of twelve or fourteen families. you'll have to go." then the tractors came over the roads and into the fields. they drove through fences and houses to make space for even larger fields.tom joad and jim casy walked quickly along a road that was only wheel marks through a cotton field."we'll be at uncle john's place soon," tom said. then they walked along in silence. as the eastern sky grew bright, night birds flew over toward the barns and hollow trees, where they hid from the sun.the preacher said, "i don't remember john having a family. he was always a lonely man, wasn't he?""the loneliest man in the world," tom said. "but he had a young wife some years ago. they were married four months and she was expecting a baby. then one night she got a pain in her stomach and she asked john to get a doctor. but he thought it was just a stomachache and gave her some pills. and, well, she died the next day.""what was it?" casy asked. "something she ate?""no. her appendix burst. but john felt terrible about it. he thinks he was wrong not to call the doctor.""poor fellow," said the preacher. "poor lonely fellow."the preacher walked along with his head down. the earth was brown in the growing light."look," said tom. "there's uncle john's place."the house was a small square box, unpainted and plain. smoke was rising from the metal chimney. in the yard were chairs and tables and other pieces of furniture."christ, they're ready to go!" tom said. a high-sided truck stood in the yard, a strange truck. the front was a car, but the top had been cut off in the middle and a bed fitted on.tom moved forward and leaned against the truck. his father looked at him, but did not see him. he was busy nailing some wood together to make the truck sides. tom noticed that he had become older and grayer. he said softly, "pa.""what do you want?" his father spoke around the nails he had pressed between his lips. he was a short lean man and wore a dirty black hat and a blue work shirt. his jeans were held up by an old leather belt that was ragged from years of wear. he held his hammer in the air and was ready to hit a nail into the wood when he realized who it was. his mouth opened, and the nails fell from his mouth. a look of fear came into his eyes. "tommy," he said softly. "did you escape? do you have to hide?" he listened closely."no," said tom. "i'm paroled. i'm free. i have my papers."pa dropped the hammer. he felt embarrassed and strange. "tommy," he said, "we're going to california, and we were going to write and tell you. but now you're back and you can go with us!" his eyes were bright with excitement. but then they grew sad. "can you go with us, tom? will you break your parole if you leave the state?""only if they know i left," tom said. "then i'd get sent back to mcalester. but if they don't know, there's no problem. we can't stay here.""ma will be so happy. she was worried that she'd never see you again." he then smiled at his son. "let's surprise her." at last, he touched tom, but only on the shoulder. he looked at jim casy.tom said, "you remember the preacher, pa. he came along with me.""has he been in prison, too?""no, i met him on the road. he's been away."pa shook casy's hand. "you're welcome here, sir."casy said, "i'm glad to be here. it's a thing to see when a boy comes home.""come on," pa said, walking quickly to the house. "i can't wait to see the look on her face when she sees you."pa stepped into the doorway and stood there to block it with his body. he said, "ma, there are a couple of fellows here and they need some food.""let them in. we have plenty. but tell them they have to wash their hands."pa walked away from the doorway, and tom looked in at his mother. she turned toward the door, but the sun was behind tom and she only saw a dark figure with sunlight around it. "come in," she said warmly.tom continued to look. ma was heavy but not fat. she was thick from having children and work. her old dress, with colors that had been washed out, came down to her ankles. pa stood near tom and shook with excitement. "come right in, sir," he said with a broad smile.ma looked up again pleasantly from the frying pan. then her hand dropped slowly to her side and the fork fell to the wooden floor. her eyes opened wide. she breathed heavily through her opened mouth. then she closed her eyes. "thank god," she said. "oh, thank god!" but then, suddenly, her face looked worried. "tommy, you ain't wanted by the police? you didn't escape?""no, ma. parole. i have the papers right here," he said, touching his pocket.ma moved toward him soundlessly. her small hand felt his arm and then her fingers went up to his cheek as a blind person's fingers might. "well," she cried. "we almost left without you. we were wondering how in the world you were going to find us.""well, i'm back now, ma."she smiled gently and returned to preparing the meal.tom asked, "where's grandpa? i ain't seen the old devil."ma placed the plates on the table. "oh, he and grandma sleep in the barn because they get up so much during the night." then she looked at pa. "pa, run outside and tell grandma and grandpa that tommy's home.""of course," said pa as he went out the door."ma, when i saw what they did to our house ..."she moved up closely to tom and said, "now, don't you go fighting them alone. they'll hunt you down like a wild animal."across the yard came four people. grandpa was ahead. he was a lean, ragged, quick old man. behind him was grandma, who wore an old housedress that she pulled above her knees as she walked. the two old people raced each other to get across the yard. they fought over everything and loved and needed the fighting. behind them were pa and noah - noah, the firstborn child, tall and strange, always with a puzzled look on his face. he moved slowly and rarely spoke.grandpa demanded, "where is he?" then he saw tom standing in the door.grandma suddenly cried, "praise god!"grandpa walked up and hit tom on the chest, and his eyes smiled with love and pride. "how are you, tommy?""ok," said tom.noah stood on the step and looked at tom. his face had little expression. tom said, "how are you, noah?""fine," said noah. "how are you?" that was all, but it was a comfortable thing.suddenly tom said, "hey! where's the preacher? he was right here. where did he go?"pa said, "i saw him, but he's gone."tom stepped out onto the porch and called out, "jim, jim casy!" the preacher appeared from behind the barn and walked over to the house. "come on in and eat," said tom.they all ate quickly, and there was no talk until the food was gone and the coffee drunk. then tom and pa stepped outside and looked at the truck.pa said, "your brother, al, looked it over before we bought it. he says it's all right.""what does that little kid know?""he worked for a company and drove a truck last year. he knows a little. and he's sixteen now," pa explained.tom asked, "where is he?""well," said pa, "he's out chasing girls again. that's all he thinks about, girls and engines.""where's uncle john? and where's rosasharn and ruthie and winfield?" tom asked. "nobody said anything about them yet.""nobody asked," said pa. "ruthie and winfield went into town with john early this morning to sell a load of stuff. rosasharn is staying with connie and his folks. oh, you don't even know. rosasharn's married to connie rivers, and she's going to have a baby in four or five months.""jesus!" said tom. "rosasharn was just a little kid when i last saw her and now she's going to have a baby!" he smiled at the thought. "and when are we going to start out west, pa?""well, we need to sell some more stuff first. we ain't got a lot of money. this man i know said that it's two thousand miles to california. do you have any money?""just a couple of dollars. how did you get money?""well," said pa, "we sold stuff and then we picked cotton, even grandpa." he looked at his son. "did you spend your money on those new clothes?""no, pa. they gave them to me. i drove a truck at mcalester. i could drive if you need me to.""good," said pa. "hey, there's that little brother of yours coming up the road."tom looked up the road. he saw al in stiff jeans and high boots walking proudly toward them. when al got near, he recognized tom's face and his face lit up. tom said, "wow, al! you've grown like a bean!" tom put out his hand and al shook it hard and fast.tom stayed in the house that morning and talked to ma, while pa and al drove into town to sell more tools and furniture and to pick up the others. casy went out for one last walk in the fields.ma said, "tom, i hope things are good in california."tom turned to her. "what makes you think they ain't?" he asked."well, nothing. i guess it seems too nice. i've seen handbills being passed out, saying that there are jobs and high wages. and i've seen in the newspaper that they want people to pick grapes, oranges, and peaches. won't that be great, tom - picking peaches?"tom watched her working in the kitchen, and his eyes smiled at her. "that does sound good, ma. but i met a fellow who said that too many folks are looking for work right now. and he says the folks that pick the fruit five in dirty camps and hardly get enough to eat.""oh, no. that ain't so," ma said. "your father got a handbill saying that they need folks to work. they wouldn't bother making all those handbills if it weren't true.""i sure hope you're right, ma."in the late afternoon, the truck came back in a cloud of dust. the children - ruthie, the twelve-year-old, and winfield, the ten-year-old - stood in the back. beside them, holding onto the bars of the truck was blond-haired rosasharn, who was thinking about the baby and being careful. in recent weeks, she had become shy and thoughtful as she worried about becoming a mother. her nineteen-year-old husband, connie, a sharp-faced and lean young man, was proud and afraid of the change in her.when the truck stopped, ruthie and winfield climbed over the bar screaming, "where is he? where's tom?" then they saw him standing beside the door and stopped suddenly and walked slowly and shyly toward him."hello. how are you kids doing?" he asked."hello! all right," they replied softly.then tom said, "hey, it's rosasharn."she smiled sweetly at her brother and said proudly, "this is connie rivers, my husband."the two young men shook hands.the rest of the day was spent loading the truck. in the evening they killed and cooked the last pig. then they salted the pieces of meat for the journey. with the children in bed, the adults gathered together on the porch to make their plans.pa drew numbers in the dust and whispered to himself. he finally looked up and said, "one hundred and fifty-four dollars. that's what we have." pa shook his head. "they say it's two thousand miles to california. we should go soon."tom said, "well, if we work all night, we could be ready to leave in the morning."tom helped ma pack the kitchen and the meat, while pa and noah put clothes and tools into boxes and casy helped al prepare the truck.the early morning sunlight was suddenly in the sky. rosasharn and the children were woken first. with tired faces, they climbed into the truck. then, when everything was ready, they woke up grandma and grandpa.grandpa's eyes were dull. he said in a loud voice, "well, i ain't going!""not going?" said pa. "what do you mean? there's no place to stay.""i'm staying," the old man said. "this is my country. i belong here. i don't want any stupid oranges or grapes. this is where i've always lived and this is where i'm going to stay!""oh, grandpa," ma said. "we have to go. sit down and have coffee with us."pa and tom gave ma a strange look.grandpa sat down, still protesting, and ma prepared the coffee. to grandpa's cup she added some strong cough medicine. the family watched as he drank his coffee and ate his pork. they saw him yawn and then rest his head on his arms and go to sleep. then tom and al lifted him up onto the truck and laid him on top of the load.the rest of the family and casy got into the truck or on the back. al started the engine, and as the truck slowly went up the little hill, he said, "what a load! we won't be able to go very fast."the people on top of the load looked back and saw the house and the barn and a little smoke still rising from the chimney. the truck moved slowly through the dust toward the highway and the west.