the migrants would work for low wages. they would work for food. and this was good because wages went down and prices stayed up. the landowners were glad and they sent out more handbills to bring more people in. and now the great owners and companies bought the little farms.it was late when tom joad drove along a country road looking for the weedpatch camp. there were few lights in the countryside. ma had been sleeping in the seat and pa had been quiet for a long time. tom saw a sign and then stopped. a high wire fence faced the road. tom got out and asked the guard, "do you have any room here for us?""i have one place left. drive down to the end of that line. you'll be in unit four." tom drove slowly down the long dark row of tents. "park here," the guard said.al jumped off the truck and walked around. tom said, "you and pa unload while i go to the office."tom followed the guard through the dark to the office. the guard sat down at a desk and took out a form. while tom filled in the form, the guard explained, "the camp costs a dollar a week but you can work instead, carrying garbage, keeping the camp clean - stuff like that.""we'll work," tom said."you'll see the committee tomorrow. they'll show you how to use the camp and tell you the rules."tom said, "what committee is this?"the guard sat back in his chair. "it works pretty nice. there are five units. each unit elects a central committee and that committee makes the laws.""do you mean there ain't any cops?""no cops. no cop can come in here without a reason. now you go get some sleep.""good night," said tom."good night," said the guard.tom returned to the truck and climbed into the back. he lay down on his back on the wooden floor. the night grew cooler. tom buttoned his coat over his chest. the stars were clear and sharp over his head.it was dark when he awoke. the sound of a cooking pan scratching across a stove woke him. tom looked down the line of tents and saw a small orange light outside one of them. then, he saw a girl working around the stove. he climbed out of the truck and moved closer. he smelled frying bacon and baking-bread."good morning," she said and turned the bacon in the pan. then, two men appeared."morning," said the older man."good morning," said tom.and then the younger man said, "morning."now the older man said to tom, "have you had any breakfast yet?""well, no, i ain't. but my folks are over there. they ain't up. need the sleep.""well, sit down with us. we have plenty - thank god.""thank you," said tom. "it smells so good i can't say no."they had all started eating when the younger man said, "we're laying some pipe. if you want to walk over with us, maybe we can get you some work."tom said, "well, that's very nice of you. and thank you for the breakfast." after they finished eating, the men got up and tom said, "just wait a minute. i have to go tell my folks."tom hurried back to the joad tent. ruthie was awake and looking around outside. he moved up to her and said, "listen. don't wake anybody up, but when they get up, tell them i have a chance at a job. and tell ma i ate breakfast with the neighbors."ruthie agreed and turned her head away. she then walked toward a large building with an open door.the camp had begun to come to life. at the new fires the women worked, slicing meat, making the bread. and the men were moving around the tents and the cars. the sun showed its edge over the mountains.tom went back to the neighbors and said, "it seems funny. i've eaten your food, and i ain't told you my name - i'm tom joad."the older man said, "well, i'm timothy wallace, and this is my boy, wilkie."tom said, "have you been here long?""ten months," wilkie said."we're working for a mr. thomas," timothy said. "nice job."tom asked, "don't you have a car?"both wallaces were silent, and tom saw that they were embarrassed.timothy said, "no, we don't have a car. we sold our car. had to, for food. couldn't get a job."they turned off the highway and walked down a small road. behind some trees they came to a small white farmhouse. as the three men walked past the house, a door banged shut and a heavy sunburned man came down the back steps."morning, mr. thomas," timothy said."good morning." the man spoke angrily.timothy said, "this is tom joad. we wondered if you need another pair of hands?"thomas looked hard at tom and then laughed. "oh, sure! i'll take him. i'll take everybody. maybe i'll take a hundred men.""we just thought - " timothy said, apologizing.mr. thomas stopped him. "yes, i've been thinking, too." he turned around to face them. "i've been paying you thirty cents an hour, right?""yes, mr. thomas.""well, this morning you're getting twenty-five cents an hour, and you can take it or leave it." his face became red with anger.timothy said, "we've given you good work. you said so yourself.""i know. but it seems like i'm not hiring my own men now," he said. "did you ever hear of the farmers' association?""sure.""well, i belong to it. we had a meeting last night. now, do you know who runs the farmers' association? i'll tell you. the bank of the west. that bank owns most of this valley. a person from the bank told me, 'you're paying thirty cents an hour. you need to cut it down to twenty-five. the wage is now twenty-five. if you pay thirty, it'll cause problems.' and, he said to me, 'you're going to need to borrow money for another crop next year.'" mr. thomas stopped. his breathing was heavy. "you see, i have no choice."timothy shook his head. "i don't know what to say.""now, are you going to work? twenty-five cents?"timothy looked at the ground. "i'll work.""me too," said wilkie.tom said, "it seems like i walked into something. sure, i'll work. i have to."mr. thomas wiped his mouth and chin. "i don't know how long this can go on. i don't know how you men can feed a family on what you get." he looked at his watch. "well, i'm going to tell you something. you fellows live in the government camp, don't you?"timothy said, "yes.""and you have dances every saturday night?" wilkie smiled. "we sure do."mr. thomas looked worried. "don't tell anyone that i told you. the association doesn't like the government camps. they can't get cops in there. but if there was a big fight and maybe shooting, then they could send cops in. don't you ever tell where you heard this. but there's going to be a fight this saturday night and the cops will be ready to go in."tom demanded, "why? those folks aren't bothering anybody.""go on to work," mr. thomas said. "and it's twenty-five cents an hour." he walked toward the house.the three men walked out past the little barn and along a field. they came to a long narrow hole with pieces of pipe lying beside it. they picked up shovels and began to work.ruthie walked carefully into the entrance of the joad tent and looked inside. winfield saw her and got out from under the blanket. ma and pa and the others were still asleep. "come on," ruthie whispered.they went into the large building. the toilets were lined up on one side of the room. "there," said ruthie. "those are toilets. i've seen them in a magazine." the children went near to one of the toilets. winfield was embarrassed. his hand twisted the lever. there was a loud sound as the water ran into the toilet. the children jumped into the air and stepped away. the sound of running water continued. "you broke it," ruthie said."did not." the two children hurried back to the tent.the sun was coming up just over the mountain and the camp was waking up. the fires were burning in camp stoves. the smell of smoke was in the air.ma stood outside the tent. she saw the children and came over to them. "i was worried," ma said. "i didn't know where you were.""we were just looking," ruthie said."well, where's tom? have you seen him?"ruthie became important. "yes, ma. he said to tell you he got work."ma looked back into the tent. "pa," she called excitedly. "john, get up! you, al, get up and get washed. all of you, get up and get washed. tom's gone out and got some work. now get up!"rosasharn said sadly, "i don't feel good. i want connie."a frying pan smoked over the fire. the smell of coffee began to fill the air. pa wandered back from the wash tubs. he said, "did you say that tom's got work?""yes. he went out before we woke up," ma said.after they ate, al got in the truck. "i have to get gas," he said. he started the engine. pa and uncle john climbed in beside him and the truck moved away down the street.rosasharn came over to ma. "they have hot and cold water and the water comes flooding down," the girl said."well, i'm going to have a bath after i finish here," ma said."i'm going to have one every day," rosasharn said. "there was a lady in there, too. and she said that there's a nurse who comes every week. the nurse will tell me what to do so the baby's strong."ma said, "praise god."the truck moved along the beautiful roads, past fines of peach trees that were beginning to color. at each entrance gate al slowed and at each gate there was a sign: no help wanted. no trespassing.then al said, "how are you feeling, uncle john?""i ache," said uncle john. "i ache all over and i deserve it. i ought to go away where i don't bring problems to my own folks."pa put his hand on john's knee. "listen," he said, "don't you go running away. we're losing folks all the time - grandpa and grandma dead - noah and connie gone - and the preacher in jail." they drove back to the camp in silence.ma got up when she saw pa coming down the street. he came near and she said, "did you get any work?""no," he said ashamed. "we looked."ma said sadly, "this is a nice place. we could be happy here.""if we got some work."she looked at him and she closed her eyes slowly.pa said, "i saw some birds today heading south."ma smiled. "remember?" she said. "remember what we always said at home. winter's coming early when the birds fly." she looked gently at pa. "i think about home too. i want to forget it. and noah."the next day was saturday. wilkie went over to another young man and said, "have you heard about tonight?"the young man smiled, "yeah!""what have you done?" wilkie asked."well, i have twenty more men - all good strong boys. they're going to dance and keep their eyes open and their ears open. and at the first sign of any talk or argument, they'll close in tight. when they move out, the fellows will go out with them.""tell them they mustn't hurt the fellows."and now the evening darkness was falling and the practicing of the string band seemed to grow louder. around the camp, the guards sat in the grass and waited. the cars of guests began to arrive, small farmers and their families, migrants from other camps. and as each guest came through the gate, he mentioned the name of the camper who invited him.pa and uncle john were sitting with a group of men by the office. "we nearly got work today," pa said. "we were just a few minutes late."tom stood at the gate and watched people coming into the dance. jule, half cherokee indian, stood next to tom. then three young men came through the gate - young working men in jeans. "i think those are our fellows," jule said."how do you know?""i don't know. i just feel it," jule said.the dancing started. boys and girls, men and women moved around creating large squares on a large platform. ma and rosasharn sat and watched around the platform with some of the old folks and children. the three young men walked onto the platform and one said, "i'll dance with this girl here."a blond boy looked up in surprise. "she's my partner.""listen, you little fool."off in the darkness, a whistle sounded. the three were walled in now. and each one felt hands tightly on their wrists. and then the wall of men moved slowly off the platform.a large car drove to the entrance. the driver called, "open up. we hear you have a fight."the guard did not move. "we don't have a fight here. listen to that music. who are you?""police. open up.""got a reason?""we don't need one if there's a fight here.""well, there's no fight here," said the guard.the men in the car listened to the music and then moved slowly away and parked across the road and waited.