highway 66 was the main route for a people in flight from dust and empty land. all day the cars and trucks filled with families and everything they owned streamed along the road.al was at the wheel, a serious look on his face, his whole body listening to the truck for weaknesses. grandma sat next to him half asleep. ma sat next to grandma with one elbow out the window. suddenly grandma said, "i have to get out.""ok," al said. the truck came to a stop at the side of the road. ma and grandma got out first. then the others in the back came to life and jumped out. grandpa stayed in the truck."ain't you going to come out, grandpa?" tom asked."no, i ain't going, i'm telling you," grandpa said angrily. "i'm going to stay here like old muley graves." the old man then folded his arms."tom," ma called out. "get that food out. we need to eat something." tom found a pan of pork bones and passed them around.then winfield said, "i want a drink."then ruthie said, "yeah, me too."al felt his fear growing. "we'll get water at the first gas station we come to. we need gas as well." the family agreed and quickly got back in. al started the motor and they moved on.it was another twenty miles before they saw a gas station. everyone was thirsty and tired. al pulled the truck into the station and a heavy man got up from a chair behind the gas pumps. "are you folks going to buy anything? gas or stuff?" he asked."we need some gas, sir," al said."do you have any money?""of course we do. we're not begging.""well, that's all right then. help yourself to water." then he explained, "this road is full of people. they come in, use water, dirty the restrooms, and then they steal stuff. they don't have any money to buy anything. some come here begging for a gallon of gas."tom moved angrily toward the man. "we're paying our own way," he said in an angry voice. "we ain't asking for anything."the man stepped back. "just help yourself to water, and the restrooms are out back."winfield ran to the water and drank hurriedly and then poured some over his head and face. the man watched him with a smile. he then looked at tom and al. "over fifty cars a day have been stopping here. all these folks are moving west. where are they going? what are they going to do?""they're doing the same thing as we are. looking for work. trying to feed our families. that's all," tom said."well, i'm just trying to run a business here. these folks come by and beg for gas, and then they give me stuff for the gas. i can show you beds and baby toys and pots and pans." he picked up the gas fine and brought it to the truck. "i just don't know what this country is coming to. what's happening to people?"casy had been listening to the man. "i've been walking around this country," casy said. "and i've heard a lot of folks asking the same questions. well, people are moving. they're moving because they have to."over by the water, connie and rosasharn stood together, talking secretly. connie washed a tin cup and filled it with water. he said, "if there's a lot of work in california, we can get our own car. maybe we can get a house.""i'd like to have a car," rosasharn said. "but the house would come first.""of course, a house would come first," he said, looking at his new wife. "are you all right?""tired. i'm just tired from riding in the sun.""we have to do that or we won't get to california.""i know," she said.then tom called out, "come on, everyone. we have to go. we have lots of driving to do.""now, where are those kids?" pa asked. "winfield! ruthie!" he called out. then he whistled.tom asked al, "do you want me to drive?"al said, "ok. but watch the oil and drive it slowly. this truck is overloaded."the truck drove along slowly and the sun lowered in the sky in front of them. the sign said oklahoma city. tom drove straight on. the outskirts were wide spread. tom drove carefully in the traffic, and then they were on 66 - the great western road - again and the sun was sinking on the line of the road.tom said, "we stay on this road all the way."ma had been silent for a long time. "maybe we'd better find a place to stop before sunset," she said. "i have to get some pork boiling and some bread made.""sure," tom agreed. "we ain't going to make this trip in one jump.""yeah, got to get some supper cooking." and then she said, "tom, i'm scared about you crossing the state line. maybe they'll catch you."tom held his hand over his eyes to protect himself from the brightness of the sun. "don't you worry," he said. "there're lots of fellows out on parole and there are more going into jail all the time. if i get caught for anything else out west, well, then they have my picture and my fingerprints in washington. they'll send me back. but if i don't do any crimes, they won't notice me.""i'm still scared about it. sometimes you do a crime and you don't even know it. maybe they have crimes in california we don't even know about.""stop worrying, ma.""i can't help it," she said. "the minute you cross the line you've done a crime.""well, it's better than staying in oklahoma and dying of hunger," he said. "we need to look for a place to stop." then he pointed ahead. "there're some folks camping. it looks like a good place to me."he slowed the truck and stopped beside the road. a middle-aged man stood looking down at the motor of his old car. his face was thin and his chin stood out sharply. tom leaned out of the window. "any law against folks stopping here for the night?"the man looked at tom. "i don't know," he said. "we only stopped here because of this old car.""any water here?"the man pointed to a little house in the distance. "there's water there."tom said, "well, can we camp here with you? you have a right to say if you want neighbors or not."the thin man's face smiled. "sure, come on off the road. we're happy to have you." then he called, "sairy, there are some folks here that are going to stay with us." he looked at tom and added, "sairy ain't well."the tent opened and a small woman came out. her face was tired and dry. when she spoke, her voice was beautiful and soft. "tell them welcome," she said.tom drove off the road and brought the truck into the field beside the car. the family quickly jumped out of the truck. ma went speedily to work.the man said, "i'm wilson, ivy wilson.""we're joads," said pa."glad to meet you," mr. wilson said.noah and uncle john and the preacher began to unload the truck. they helped grandpa down and sat him on the ground. the old man sat, staring ahead. "are you sick, grandpa?" noah asked."yeah, i'm sick," grandpa said weakly.sairy wilson walked slowly and carefully toward him. "how would you like to come into our tent? you could lie down and rest."without warning, grandpa began to cry. ma lifted him to his feet and then helped him into the tent.uncle john said, "he must be real sick. he's never done that before. i've never seen him cry in his life."ma came out of the tent and went to casy. "you've been around sick people," she said. "please go take a look at grandpa."casy walked quickly to the tent and went inside. he took the bony old wrist into his fingers. "feeling tired, grandpa?"the old man made sounds that were not words.ma looked into the tent. "grandma wants to come in. do you think he's all right?"casy shook his head slowly.ma said, "he's all right, grandma. he's just taking a rest."grandma answered, "well, i want to see him." she came running into the tent and looked down at her old husband. "what's the matter with you?" she asked grandpa.casy said gently, "he's sick, grandma.""oh." she looked down at the old man again. "sick bad, do you think?""pretty sick, grandma."the people outside the tent were standing quietly, listening to the sounds of dying.casy looked into grandpa's eyes. they were clear and deep and there was a knowing peaceful look about them. then, grandpa's breathing stopped.sairy took grandma by the arm and led her outside and grandma moved with pride and held her head high.casy stepped out of the tent. the family sat together on the ground. pa was the head of the family now. he looked at casy and said, "what are we going to do? there are laws. you have to report a death, and when you do that, they either take forty dollars or they think he's a pauper."uncle john said, "we've never been paupers before.""maybe we have to learn," tom said. "we never were forced off our land before.""no. we'll wait for it to get darker, and we'll bury grandpa ourselves," pa said.on the edge of the ring of firelight the men gathered. pa marked out a place on the ground eight feet long and three feet wide. when they finished digging the large hole, ma pulled a clear page out of the front of the bible and handed it to tom. he took a pencil out of his pocket and wrote, "this is william james joad, died an old, old man. his folks buried him because they didn't have enough money for a funeral. nobody killed him."after the men buried grandpa and covered the hole with dirt, the two families sat around the fire eating the pork and potatoes. they were all quiet, staring into the fire.then pa said to mr. wilson, "how long have you folks been on the road?"wilson cleared his teeth with his tongue and swallowed. "we ain't been lucky. we've been away from home three weeks.""well, we plan to be in california in ten days or less."al said, "i don't know, pa. with the load we're carrying, we'll be lucky to get there at all. not if there are mountains to go over."ma said, "rosasharn, go lie down with grandma. she needs somebody now."rosasharn got to her feet and walked to the old bed and lay beside grandma. the two whispered together.al said, "it's a shame about grandpa. before we left, he was talking about what he was going to do in california.""he was pretending all the time," casy said. "i think he knew. he didn't die tonight. he died the minute you took him off the place.""are you sure of that?" pa cried."oh, he was breathing, but he was dead. he was that place, and he knew it."uncle john asked, "you knew he was dying?"casy said, "yeah, but we couldn't do anything. we had to go and he knew it. and he didn't suffer. he's just staying with the land. he couldn't leave it."wilson said, "yeah, we had to leave my brother will. he couldn't leave the land, and we couldn't wait. so, we went one hundred miles when the car broke down. it cost thirty dollars to get it fixed. and then we had to get a tire, and then sairy got sick. had to stop for ten days. and now the car's broken again and money's getting low. i don't know when we'll ever get to california. if i could only fix a car, but i don't know anything about cars.""what's the matter with it?" al asked."runs a minute, and then stops."al spoke proudly. "i think you have a blocked gas line. i'll blow it out for you."and pa was proud, too. "he's good with a car.""well, thank you for your help," wilson said to al. "yeah, when we get to california we'll buy a new car that doesn't break down.""when we get there," pa said. "the problem is getting there.""oh, but it'll be worth it," said wilson. "i've seen handbills that say they need folks for picking and for good wages. they don't care how much you eat because they have plenty. and i bet in a couple of years a fellow could have a place of his own."pa said, "we've seen those handbills. i have one right here." he took out his wallet and unfolded an orange handbill. in black type it said: "pea pickers wanted in california. good wages all season. 800 pickers wanted."wilson looked at it curiously "that's the one i've seen. the exact same one. do you suppose they have all eight hundred already?"pa said, "this is just one little part of california. there are plenty of other places."then tom said, "i've been thinking. we have an overloaded truck, but mr. and mrs. wilson don't. if some of us could ride with them and take some of their light stuff in the truck, we could get up hills. we'd keep together on the road and it would be good for everybody"wilson jumped up. "sure. that would be great. did you hear that, sairy?""it's a nice thing," sairy said. "i hope we aren't troubling you folks.""you'd be helping us," pa said.ma said, "you helped us with grandpa. now we'll help you." the relationship was plain.al cried, "that car will easily take six."sairy said, "if i get sick again, you have to go on and get there."ma looked carefully at sairy and said, "we're going to see that you get through."sairy stared into the firelight. "we have to get some sleep tonight." she stood up."grandpa - it's like he's been dead a year," ma said sadly.the families moved lazily to their sleep. only sairy wilson lay awake. she stared into the sky and held her body firmly against the pain.