the companies and banks that owned the large farms also owned the factories that canned the fruit. they paid the pickers low wages and made the price of fresh fruit go down. the little farmers watched debt come up on them like the tide. they could not pay wages for pickers and they could not pick the crop. the fruit was burned. a million people hungry, needing the fruit, and the fruit was burned.in the weedpatch camp, on a quiet evening, the joad family sat around after supper. "we have to do something," ma said. "one month we've been here. and tom had five days of work. and the rest of you looking every day and no work."they looked at the ground. "we have to go," pa said. "we don't want to go. it's nice here. the folks are nice. we don't want to live in one of those hoovervilles.""but if we have to, we have to," ma said. "we have to eat."uncle john said, "a fellow said that there's cotton near tulare. it's not very far, the fellow said.""well, we have to go quick. i ain't staying here, though it's nice." ma picked up her bucket and walked toward the water pipe. she returned with a bucket of hot water. "we'll go in the morning." she looked at rosasharn. "are you feeling all right?""i ain't had the milk the nurse said i should have," the girl said softly."i know. we just don't have any milk." rosasharn said sadly, "if connie hadn't gone away, we would have had a little house by now, with him studying. i'd have the milk i need. i'd have a nice baby.""we'll get you some milk soon."it was still dark when ma woke up her camp. "come on, get up. we have to get on our way." she slipped on her dress over the underclothes she wore to bed. "we don't have any coffee," she said. "i have a few pieces of bread. we can eat them on the road. just get up now and we'll load the truck. don't make any noise. don't want to wake up the neighbors."the family dressed. the men pulled down the tent and loaded up the truck. "all right, ma," tom said. "we're ready."ma held the pieces of bread in her hand. "now just one each. that's all we have."ruthie and winfield took their bread and climbed into the truck and covered themselves with a blanket and fell asleep again. tom got into the driver's seat and started the engine.the light morning traffic moved speedily by on the highway, and the sun grew warm and bright. the family stopped to fix a flat tire. tom was pumping the tire when a small truck stopped beside them.a man dressed in a gray business suit got out and walked over to tom. "good morning," he said pleasantly.tom stopped pumping and looked up. "good morning."the man ran his fingers through his graying hair. "are you people looking for work?""we sure are, mister.""well, there's plenty of work for you about forty miles north, picking peaches.""if you tell us how to get there, we'll go now," tom said."well, you go north to pixley, that's thirty-five miles. then you turn east and go for about six miles. ask anybody where the hooper ranch is.""thank you, mister," said tom. the man tipped his hat and drove off. tom and al threw the tools into the car. "come on, let's go," tom called. "we're going to get some work at last."they drove through the sunny morning fields. ma said excitedly, "with four men working, we can buy coffee, and meat, and milk. the nurse said rosasharn needs milk."al said, "i'm going to save some money and then i'm going into a town and getting a job at a garage. i'll live in a nice room and eat at restaurants."as they came near to the hooper ranch, the road was suddenly blocked with cars. a line of white motorcycles was parked along the roadside. "it looks like an accident," tom said.a policeman came walking down the road and held up his hand and al stopped the truck. the policeman leaned on the side of the car. "where are you going?" he asked.al said, "a fellow said that there was work here picking peaches.""want to work, do you?""sure do," said tom."ok. wait here a minute." he moved to the side of the road and called, "one more. that's six cars ready. we'd better take them through."then a group of motorcycles came toward the line of six cars. the joad truck was directed to the back of the line. two motorcycles led the way and two followed at the back. tom said anxiously, "i wonder what's wrong.""maybe the road's closed," al suggested."they don't need four cops to lead us. i don't like it."suddenly, the leading policeman turned off the road into a wide entrance. the old cars followed. tom saw a line of men along the side of the road, screaming and shaking their fists. when they were away from the entrance, the six cars were told to stop. two men with large notebooks went from car to car. "do you want to work?""sure," tom said. "but, what is this?""it's not your business. do you want to work?""sure we do.""ok. find house number sixty-three. wages are five cents a box. all right. move along now go to work right away."al parked the truck close to the door of the little house with number sixty-three on it. the family came down from the truck and stood around looking puzzled. two policemen approached them."name?""joad," tom said. "what's going on?""now, we don't want any trouble with you. just do your work and mind your own business and you'll be all right." the two walked away.after they unloaded the truck, the four men took their buckets and went into the field. "the owner here doesn't waste any time," tom said. ruthie and winfield helped by putting the peaches into boxes. they worked steadily through the afternoon. when tom finished the twentieth box, he got a credit note for one dollar and took it to ma. "here you are. you can get a dollar's worth of stuff at the store."ma hurried to the store. she opened the screen door and went in. a tiny man stood behind the counter."good afternoon," ma said."hi," he said."i'd like some meat, please.""i have all kinds of meat," he said. "hamburger, twenty cents a pound.""ain't that high? it seems to me hamburger was fifteen the last time i got some.""well," he laughed softly, "yes, it's high. but if you go into town for a couple of pounds of hamburger, it will cost you about a gallon of gas."ma looked at him angrily for a moment. "ain't you got some cheaper kind of meat?""soup bones," he said. "ten cents a pound.""but those are just bones.""well, you can go into town and get it for less. a gallon of gas.""ok," ma said. "two pounds of hamburger, a loaf of bread, and five pounds of potatoes, and a bag of coffee. how much is that?""that's one dollar exactly," he said."what? these are high prices. who owns this store?""hooper ranch. but if you want better prices...""i know, i can go into town." ma's face was hard as she handed the man her credit note for one dollar.tom and al and pa and uncle john walked away from the peach trees. their feet were a little heavy on the road. tom said, "pa, after we eat i'm going to walk out and see what was going on outside that gate. do you want to come?""no," pa said. "i'm going to rest. i'm tired from all of that picking.""how about you, al?""i want to look around here first," he said."well, i know uncle john won't come. i guess i'll go alone."the dinner was cooking and the joad house was full of smoke. ma worked quickly near the fire while rosasharn rested on a box. the men came in. "meat, by god!" said tom. "and coffee. i smell it. i'm sure hungry."they ate silently and wiped their plates with bread. the children put their plates on the floor and ate like little animals. tom swallowed the last piece of bread and said, "do you have any more, ma?""no," she said. "that's all. you made a dollar, and that's a dollar's worth. they charge extra out here.""i ain't full," said tom."well, tomorrow you'll work a full day."al wiped his mouth. "i guess i'll take a look around.""wait, i'll go with you," tom said. the two walked out of the house together but then went separate ways. tom walked over to the high wire gate.a figure stood beside the road. a voice said, "hello. who is it? where are you going?""well, i thought i'd take a walk.""you'll have to go another way.""can't i get out of here?" tom asked."not tonight you can't. those crazy troublemakers might get you."what troublemakers?""you saw them when you came in, didn't you?""well, i saw a bunch of men. i thought it was an accident," tom said. he then walked away from the gate until the guard couldn't see him. he heard some voices in the distance and hurried off the road into an area full of bushes and tall grass. he climbed over a wire fence and moved down through the thick grass until he came to a stream. then he followed the voices along the stream. he stopped when he saw a man on a box in front of a tent."good evening," tom said."who are you? do you know anybody here?""no. i was just going past."a head appeared from the tent. a voice said, "what's the matter?""casy!" tom cried. "casy. what are you doing here?""my god. it's tom joad! come on in, tommy.""do you know him?" the man in front asked."yeah, i've known him for years," said casy. he pulled tom into the tent.three other men sat on the ground in the middle of the tent. one man got up and said, "glad to meet you. this is the fellow you told us about?""sure. this is him. where are your folks, tom? what are you doing here?""well," said tom, "we heard that there was some work this way. and i saw a bunch of fellows screaming outside the gate. but the guards wouldn't tell us anything. so, i came out here to see what's going on. how did you get here, casy?""a jailhouse is a funny place," the preacher said. "i met lots of men who stole stuff because they couldn't get it any other way. do you see?""no," tom said."well, maybe i can't tell you. maybe you have to see for yourself." casy put his chin on his hands. "how's your sister?""she's as big as a cow. but you ain't told me what's going on."the oldest man said, "this is a strike.""well, five cents a box isn't much, but a fellow can eat," tom said."five cents?" the older man said. a heavy silence fell in the tent.casy stared out the entrance. "tom," he said at last. "we came here to work. they said that it was going to be five cents. but when we got here, it was only two and a half cents. a fellow can't eat on that. so, we said we won't take it. so, they threw us out. tell your folks, tom. as soon as we're gone, they'll start paying you two and a half cents.""well, i'll try to tell them," tom said. "it's hard to talk around here with all those guys walking around with guns.""tell them, tom."the older man said, "sh. i hear something."they all listened to the soft sound of footsteps walking near. "let's go," said casy. they moved quickly along the edge of the stream.then a voice called out, "there they are!" two flashlight beams fell on the men, caught them, blinded them."stand where you are. that's him." casy said, "listen, you fellows don't know what you're doing. you're helping to kill kids."a heavy man swung a large stick at casy. the stick crashed into the side of his head and casy fell sideways out of the light. "oh god, george, i think you killed him," a voice said.tom looked down at the preacher. then, he jumped silently at the man with the stick and pulled it from his hands. he swung once and hit the man's shoulder. he swung again and hit him hard on the head. the large body sank to the ground. tom hit his head three more times. there were shouts, the sound of running feet. the flashlights moved up and down. and then a stick reached tom's head, a blow to the side of his face. he fell to the ground but got up quickly and ran.he went low along the ground and hid in the tall grass until footsteps went past him. he got up again and found his way to the fence.he walked silently to the door of the joad house. the door made a noise as he opened it. and ma's voice said, "who's that?""me, tom.""well, you'd better get some sleep."tom did not sleep. his wounded face hurt, his broken nose ached with pain. the dawn came finally.pa put on his old coat, yawning and stretching. ma looked over at tom. "what's the matter?" she said."sh," tom said. "i got into a fight.""tom.""i couldn't help it, ma.""what's the matter?" uncle john asked."what is this?" pa demanded."i found the preacher last night," tom said."the preacher?" pa asked."yeah. but he was leading a strike and they came for him and they killed him. i was standing there and i went crazy. i hit a guy"ma's breath caught in her throat. pa said softly, "did you kill him?""i don't know," tom said. "i hope so.""tom!" ma said."oh, you have to know. casy came out here with other fellows to get five cents. but then they changed it to two and a half cents.""a fellow can't eat on that.""and then the pickers went on strike. and now the cops killed casy.""well, we need to get to work." ma looked sadly at tom. "rosasharn will stay with you. we'll tell them that you're sick today."the family went to work. tom finally fell asleep. his sister watched him and the door.as the sun began to set, ma came back to the house. she carefully built a fire in one end of the stove and filled a pot with water and put it over the flame."how was picking today?" tom asked.ma took a cup of dried corn pieces out of a bag. "i don't want to talk about it," she said.pa and al and uncle john and the children came into the house. al looked at ma and said, "is that all we get after working until dark?""al, you know we have to go. it will take all of the money we have for gas.""but, ma, a fellow needs meat if he's going to work.""just sit," she said.they all sat down to their small dinners and coffee. pa said, "they dropped the price like you said, tom. two and a half cents."uncle john said, "they say there are two hundred more men coming tonight."they were silent for a few minutes. then pa said, "tom, it looks like you've done it.""i thought so."uncle john said, "they have men out there looking for you. they said that they're going to kill the man who did it.""but i only did it after they killed casy.""they're saying you started it," pa said.ma cried, "it ain't true!"tom said, "ma, i have to go."she got to her feet. "you ain't going. we can hide you, and we can bring you something to eat while your face gets well. we'll take you out of here. al, you back the truck against the door. we'll put the load in and hide tom underneath some blankets." the family stared at her for a moment. "come on, it's dark enough. let's go."al drove down the smaller country roads away from the lines of police cars and men on strike. at the edge of the road he saw a sign that said cotton pickers wanted. he slowed the car. the family got out and tom said, "i know a way i can stay with you without getting you into any trouble. there's a small stream just up the road with lots of bushes around it. i can hide there.""and we can live in one of those boxcars over there, where the pickers live," ma added."as soon as my face is well, i'll come out," tom said."it seems like a good idea to me," said pa.