joads and wilsons slowly moved west along 66 as a team. that night they ate only pieces of bread, cold and hard, left from breakfast. for two days, the families were in flight, out of oklahoma and across texas. al drove the car, and his mother sat beside him and rosasharn beside her. the wilsons sat quietly in the back. "ma," the girl said, "when we get there, all of you are going to pick fruit and live in the country, ain't you?"ma smiled. "we ain't there yet. we don't know what it's like.""me and connie don't want to live in the country," the girl said. "we have it all planned."for a moment a little worry came on ma's face. "ain't you going to stay with us - with the family?""well, connie and me talked about it. ma, we want to live in a town." she went on excitedly. "connie's going to get a job in a store or maybe a factory. and he's going to study at home. and maybe later he'll have his own store. and we'll go to the movies whenever we want." her face shone with excitement. "and when connie gets his store, al could work for him."ma said, "we don't want you to go away from us. it ain't good for folks to break up."al said, "me work for connie? how about connie working for me?"a noise could be heard in the engine. al speeded up and the banging noise grew louder. he drove the car to the side of the road. tom stopped the truck close to the car and jumped out. "what's the matter, al?""listen to this," al said. he turned on the engine and a loud banging sound filled the air.tom listened. "that doesn't sound good.""i kept plenty of oil in there.""well, it's all dry now," tom said. "and we'll have to change that part." he pointed with his finger.al whispered angrily to himself. he drove the car into the shade and shut down the engine.the wilsons and the joads slowly got out of the truck and the car. wilson said, "it's all my fault. this stupid car has been trouble from the start. you folks have been nice to us. you just pack up and get along. sairy and i will stay here."pa said slowly, "we ain't going to do that. we're almost family. grandpa died in your tent."sairy said tiredly, "we've only been trouble."tom slowly made a cigarette and lighted it. he took off his ruined cap and wiped his forehead. "i have an idea," he said. "the nearer we get to california, the quicker we can be earning money. now this car will go twice as fast as that truck. you take some of the stuff out of the truck, and then all of you folks can move on and casy and i will stay and fix this car. and then we'll drive on, day and night, and we'll catch up with you. if you get through first, you'll be working and things will be easy."the family considered it. pa scratched the earth with his finger. "i think tom's right," he said. "it's no good for all of us to stay here. we can get fifty, a hundred miles before dark."ma said worriedly, "how are you going to find us?""we'll be on the same road," said tom. "sixty-six all the way. go to a place called bakersfield. i've seen it on the map. you go straight there.""looks like a very big place on the map," said ma."but if we all lie around here, there's no water and we can't move this car. if you all get out there and start work, you'll all have money and maybe a house to five in. how about it, casy? do you want to stay here with me?""i'll do whatever you all think," casy said.pa said, "well, maybe we could do a hundred miles before we stop."ma stepped in front of him. "i ain't going."pa was surprised at her. "what do you mean? you have to go. you have to look after the family"ma went to the back of the car and took a large hammer from the floor. she held it up in her hand and said, "i ain't going to go.""i tell you, you have to go. we've made up our minds.""well, you're going to have to beat me first," she cried, holding the hammer higher in the air.ruthie and winfield laughed. pa looked helplessly around the group."ma," tom said. "what's wrong? have you gone crazy?"ma's face softened, but her eyes were still full of anger. "what have we got left in the world? just us. just the folks. you want to break up the family."tom cried, "ma, we'll catch up with you. we ain't going to be a long time."ma waved the large hammer in the air. "and if we camp and you drive by? or if we get through - how will we tell you? how will you know who to ask?"uncle john said, "but we could be making some money."the eyes of the whole family moved back to ma. "the money wouldn't do any good," she said. "we need family."tom said calmly, "ma, we can't camp here. there's no water. and grandma needs shade.""all right," she said. "we'll go along. we'll stop at the first place where there's water and shade. and the truck will come back and take you into town to get your part and it will take you back. then we'll wait for you."tom looked at pa, and then said, "all right, ma. you win. now put that thing down before you hurt someone."ma looked surprised at the large hammer in her hand. she dropped her weapon on the ground, and tom carefully picked it up. he said, "al, you drive the folks on and get them camped, and then you bring the truck back here. me and the preacher will get that part off."al loaded the family back on the truck. tom had already gone under the car when the family drove off. he said to the preacher, "casy, you've been quiet these last few days. what's the matter?"casy stretched out on his stomach, looking under the car. "i did a lifetime's talking when i was a preacher."tom made a few loud noises with the tools. "there it is," he said.the two men got to their feet and then sat under the shade of a large advertising sign. casy said, "tom, i've been watching the cars on the road, those we passed and those that passed us. it's like they're running away from soldiers. it's like the whole country is moving.""yeah," tom said. "the whole country is moving.""well, what's going to happen if they can't get jobs out there?""oh, i don't know," tom cried. "i'm just putting one foot in front of the other. i did that for four years in mcalester.""yeah, maybe that's the best way.""ain't that al coming?" tom asked."yeah. looks like it."tom stood up. the truck arrived. tom shouted, "what took you so long? did you have to go far?""we had a mess," al said. "grandma started crying. then, rosasharn started.""where did you leave them?" tom asked."well, we found a camp. it has shade and water. cost half a dollar to stay there. but ma says we have to stay there because grandma's tired. we have the wilsons' tent up. i think grandma's going crazy."tom looked at the lowering sun. "casy," he said, "somebody has to stay with this car.""sure, i'll stay."al took a paper bag from the seat. "here's some bread and meat ma sent, and i have a bottle of water here."tom got in the truck beside al and the two drove off. soon they were at the edge of town, and there on the right was a yard full of old cars, engines rusting on the ground, truck sides, wheels, twisted iron. al drove the truck up to an old house and tom got out and looked into the doorway. "don't see anyone," tom said. "anybody here?" he called out."i hope they have a '25 dodge."behind the house a door shut and a one-eyed man came out. he was thin and dirty and his jeans and shirt were thick and shiny with oil.tom asked, "are you the boss?""i work for the boss." the one eye looked at them. "what do you want?""do you have an old '25 dodge? we need a part like this," tom explained, holding the part in his hand."i don't know. the boss could tell you, but he went home.""can we look and see?""sure, i don't care."tom and al walked among the old cars. the sun disappeared behind the mountains. al looked around. "over there, look, tom! that looks like a '25 or '26."they walked over to the rusting car, resting on flat tires. "sure, it's a '25," al cried. "can we take a part from it, mister?"tom kneeled down and looked under the car. he then slid under it. the one-eyed man said, "i'll get you a box of tools."together tom and al removed a piece from the engine and got to the part that they needed. there was a bang of metal."i got it," al said. "and i got some rings we could use, too."tom stood up and wiped his face and looked at the part. "it looks ok to me. how much will that be, mister?"the one-eyed man brought out a flashlight and shone it on a book full of the names of parts and their prices. "i don't know exactly. if the boss were here, he'd be able to tell you. how about a dollar?""all right," tom said. "and what will you take for that flashlight?""well, it isn't very good - oh, thirty-five cents."tom handed over the silver coins. he and al got into the truck, and as they drove off tom shouted, "bye." the truck went noisily along the road.al said, "tom, did you hear connie talking about studying at nights. i've been thinking that maybe i'd study at nights, too. learn about radio or engines. a fellow might get started that way.""maybe," tom said. "there were fellows taking lessons by mail in mcalester. i've never known one of them that finished. they got tired of it."they fell into silence and the dark came and the stars were sharp and white.when the truck arrived, casy got out of the back seat of the car and walked to the side of the road. "i never expected you so soon," he said.tom gathered the parts in a sack. "we were lucky," he said. "got a flashlight, too. we're going to fix it right up."the men got to work on the car. casy knelt down and took the flashlight. he kept the beam on the working hands. tom held the part in place while al tightened the screws. "i guess that's it," tom said. they got out from under the car. "ok, al, try starting it." al got into the car and stepped on the starter. the motor banged.blue smoke poured out of the back. "it'll burn oil like that for a few seconds. it'll be ok. turn it off now. let's get some dinner.""you'd make a good mechanic," al said to tom."well, i worked in a shop for a year. we'll drive real slowly for a couple of hundred miles."tom and al quickly ate the boiled pork and drank the water from the bottle. when they finished, tom said, "all right. i'll drive the car. you bring the truck, al." the preacher got in the car and tom started the engine.there was a small wooden house in the middle of the campground and on the porch of the house a light beamed into a large circle. half a dozen tents were near the house and cars stood beside the tents. a group of men had gathered on the porch.tom drove the car to the side of the road and parked. al went through the gate in the truck. "no need to take this one in," tom said. he got out and walked through the gate.the owner dropped his front chair legs to the floor and leaned forward. "you men want to camp here?""no," tom said. "we have folks here. hi, pa."pa, seated on the bottom step, said, "did you get her fixed?""we were lucky," tom said. "got a part before dark.""ma's worried," pa said. "your grandma's gone crazy.""yeah, al told me. is she any better now?""well, she's sleeping."the owner said, "if you want to bring the car in and camp, it will cost you fifty cents. you get a place to camp and water and wood.""what?" said tom. "we can sleep right beside the road and it won't cost a thing."the owner said, "but the sheriff comes by at night. he'll make it hard for you. we have a law against sleeping out in this state. we have a law about trespassers.""if i pay you half a dollar, i'm not a trespasser?" tom said."that's right. ain't you got half a dollar?"tom's eyes stared angrily. "yeah, but i'm going to need it. i can't use it just for sleeping.""well, we all have to make a living," the owner said.pa said, "we'll get moving early. look, mister, we paid. this fellow is a part of our family can't he stay? we paid.""half a dollar a car," the owner said."we'll drive along the road and meet you in the morning," tom said to pa. he made a thin cigarette and added, "we'll go along soon."pa said to the other men in the circle, "we used to be farmers. worked all of our lives."near the edge of the porch a ragged man stood. his black coat hung in long pieces. he said to pa, "you folks must have a nice little pot of money.""no, we don't have any money, now," pa said. "but there are plenty of us able to work and we're all good men! we'll get good wages out west."the ragged man stared while pa spoke, and then he laughed. the circle of faces turned to him. the laughing got out of control and turned into coughing. his eyes became red and watery. "you're going out there?" the laughing started again. he stopped himself "picking oranges? or maybe peaches?"pa said, "we're going to take what they have. they have lots of work."the ragged man said, "me - i'm coming back. i've been there."the faces turned quickly toward him. the men became stiff. the ragged man looked at their faces. "i'm going back home to die of hunger. i'd rather die all at once."pa said, "what are you talking about? i have a handbill that says there are good wages. and i read that they need folks to pick fruit."the ragged man turned to pa. "do you have any place to go back home?""no," said pa. "we're out. they put a tractor past the house.""you wouldn't go back then?""of course not.""then i'm not going to worry you," said the ragged man. "handbills? they need men? but you don't know what kind of men they need.""what are you talking about?""look," said the man. "this fellow wants eight hundred men. so, he prints five thousand of those things and maybe twenty thousand people see them. and maybe two or three thousand folks start moving because of this handbill.""but it doesn't make any sense!" pa cried."not until you see the fellow that put out the handbill. you'll see him, or someone who works for him. maybe he needs two hundred men, so he talks to five hundred, and they tell other folks, and when you get to the place, there are a thousand men. then the fellow says, 'i'm paying twenty cents an hour.' and maybe half the men walk off. but there are still five hundred that are so hungry they work for bread. do you see now? if he can get a lot of men, hungry men, he can pay them less." the faces in the circle looked coldly at the man. "let me tell you. ask him what he's going to pay. ask him to write down what he's going to pay."the owner said, "he's just lying. there's plenty of them going around getting people mad."the ragged man said, "well, i tried to tell you folks. i guess you'll have to find out for yourselves." the circle was quiet. the man looked around and then he turned and walked away into the darkness.pa said, "do you think he's telling the truth?"the preacher answered, "he's telling the truth, all right. the truth for him.""how about us?" tom demanded. "is that the truth for us?""i don't know," said casy."i don't know," said pa.they walked to the tent and ma came out to meet them. "all sleeping," she said. "grandma finally fell asleep." then she saw tom. "is everything all right, tom?""yeah. we got it fixed," said tom. "we're ready to go.""thank dear god for that," she said.pa cleared his throat. "a fellow was just saying..."tom touched his arm. "funny what he says," tom said. "he said that there are lots of folks on the way." ma looked at them in the darkness. "we'll go now. we'll stop by the road on the right-hand side. night, ma."