in kansas and arkansas, in oklahoma and texas and new mexico, the tractors moved in and pushed the tenants out. three hundred thousand in california and more coming. and in california there was a hooverville on the edge of every town. the tiny town lay close to the water and the houses were tents and large boxes, a great trash pile.the family, on top of the load, the children and connie and rosasharn and the preacher, were stiff and uncomfortable. they had sat in the heat in front of the coroner's office in bakersfield while pa and ma and uncle john went in. al and tom walked along the street and looked into the store windows. then a basket was brought out and grandma was lifted down from the truck.at last pa and ma and uncle john came out, and they were quiet. pa looked at ma and said, "there wasn't anything else we could do. we didn't have enough money.""i know," ma said. "but she always wanted a nice funeral.""where are we going?" tom asked.pa raised his hat and scratched his head. "camp," he said. "we ain't going to spend our last few dollars until we get work. drive out in the country."tom started the car and they rolled through the streets and out toward the country. and by a bridge they saw a group of tents and large boxes. tom said, "why don't we stop here? we can find out where work is." he drove down to the edge of the camp.there was no order in the camp. little gray tents, houses made of boxes and rusted metal. a group of boxes lay about, boxes to sit on, to eat on. tom stopped the truck and looked at pa. "it ain't pretty," he said. "do you want to go someplace else?"pa said, "we have to ask about work." tom opened the door and stepped out, as the family climbed down from the load and looked curiously at the camp. a young man was working on an old car. he looked over at the joad's truck. pa said, "could we camp here?""sure, why not. have you folks just come across?""yeah," said tom. "we just got in this morning.""have you never been in hooverville before?""where's hooverville?""this is it.""oh!" said tom. "we just got in."ma said, "let's get the camp up. i'm tired. maybe we can all rest." pa and uncle john climbed up on the truck to unload the tent and the bed.the young man said to tom, "but you can't stay too long. if you just stay in one camp, you'll see how quick a sheriff will push you along.""but what for?""i don't know. some people say that they don't want us to vote. keep us moving so we can't vote. and some say that if we settled in one place, we'd get organized.""we're looking for work," tom told him. "we'll take any kind of work. back home some fellows came through with handbills - orange ones. it said they need lots of people out here to work the crops."the young man laughed. "they say that there are three hundred thousand of us here, and i bet every family has seen those handbills.""but there is work," tom said. "with all of the stuff that's growing around here - vegetables, grapes - i've seen it. they have to have men." a baby cried from inside a tent, and the young man walked away, shaking his head.inside the joad tent, connie and rosasharn were talking quietly. connie's eyes were watery. "if i'd known that it was going to be like this, i wouldn't have come. i would have studied nights about tractors back home and got a three-dollar job. a fellow can live well on three dollars a day, and go to the picture show every night, too."rosasharn looked worried. "you're going to study nights about radios," she said. he was silent. "ain't you?" she demanded."yeah, sure. as soon as i get a little money."she rolled up on her elbow. "you ain't giving it up!""no, no - of course not. but - i didn't know there were places like this that we'd have to live in."the girl's eyes hardened. "you have to," she said.ma knelt beside the fire, breaking sticks to keep the flames up under the pot of soup. the children of the camp, fifteen of them, stood and watched. "how long have you been in california?" ma asked an older girl."oh, about six months. we lived in a government camp for a short time, and then we went north, and when we came back it was full. that was a nice place to live.""where's that?" ma asked."over by weedpatch. got nice toilets and bathtubs, and you can wash clothes in a tub, and at night the folks play music and on saturday nights they have a dance."ma said, "i'd like to go there."al had walked along to where the young man was working on his car. "can i help you with that?" he asked."well, yeah, i could use some help," the young man said. "my name's floyd knowles.""i'm al joad." he took out his pocket knife. "there isn't anything i love more than the inside of an engine."floyd then said, "you know, i've been here for six months. going all over this state, trying to find work.""ain't there any work?" al asked."no, there ain't any steady work."the two young men continued to work and talk about jobs."al!" winfield called out. "al, dinner's ready."al wiped his hands on his pants. "we ain't eaten today," he said to floyd. "i'll come back and help after i've eaten."ma mixed the soup more and put some in bowls for the family. after dinner, al said to tom, "come with me."they walked away together. "what's the matter with you?" tom asked."just wait." he led tom to the broken car. "this is floyd knowles," he said."yeah, i talked to him before. how are you?""just getting this old thing repaired," floyd said."floyd just told me. tell him, floyd."floyd said, "a fellow came through and he said there's going to be work up north.""up north?""yeah.""what kind of work?""picking fruit. it's near ready.""how far?" tom demanded."oh, about two hundred miles.""that's a long way," tom said. "how do we know there's going to be work when we get there?""well, we don't know," said floyd. "but there ain't anything here. this fellow got a letter from his brother about it. and he said don't tell anybody, or there'll be too many. we need to get out at night."tom said, "well, i don't know. it's just a long way. and we hoped we could get work here and rent a house to live in."floyd said patiently, "i know you just got here. there's stuff you have to learn. you ain't going to settle down because there ain't work to settle you."a bright new car turned off the highway and headed down into the camp. it pulled into the center of the camp. "who's this?" tom asked floyd."i don't know - cops maybe."the car door opened and a man got out and stood beside the car. inside the car another man remained seated. the first man said, "do you men want to work? a place called tulare. fruit's ready. we need a lot of pickers."floyd spoke up, "are you doing the hiring?""well, i'm contracting the land."the men of the camp all grouped around now. one of the men asked, "what are you paying?""well, i don't know exactly. about thirty cents.""why don't you know?""well, it depends on the price of fruit."floyd stepped ahead. he said quietly, "i'll go, mister. you just need to give us a written order for work, showing us where and how much and we'll sign it."the contractor said angrily, "are you telling me how to do my job?" he turned to the new car and said, "joe!"the man in the car stepped out. he was wearing tall boots and a brown uniform and a sheriff's star on his shirt. "what do you want?""have you ever seen this man, joe?" the contractor asked, pointing to floyd."what did he do?""he was talking and causing trouble.""hmm." the sheriff moved around floyd slowly."you see!" floyd cried. "if this guy was honest, he wouldn't need a cop with him.""yeah, maybe i have seen him before," the sheriff said. "he looks like one of the guys wanted for stealing a car just last week." he shouted at floyd, "get in the car!""you have nothing against him," tom said.the sheriff said to tom, "if i were you, i'd keep my mouth shut."the contractor turned back to the men. "don't listen to these troublemakers - they'll get you in trouble. i can use all of you in tulare."the men did not answer.the sheriff turned back to them. "maybe we should go," he said. he had a thin smile on his face. "the health department says that we have to clean out this camp. you fellows should go to tulare. that's just a friendly way of telling you. a bunch of men might be here later. someone might get hurt if you ain't gone.""that's all," the contractor said. "men needed in tulare.""yeah, that's all. i don't want to see you here tomorrow morning." the sheriff then looked at floyd. "now you get in that car."floyd looked at tom, then he swung around and hit the sheriff hard in the face, and then he was away, running past the tents. the sheriff started to fall back but then moved forward and tom put out his foot. the sheriff fell over it and rolled, reaching for his gun. but floyd was out of sight. the sheriff fired from the ground. a woman screamed and then looked at her bloody hand. the sheriff raised his gun again. the men in the group gathered around him and casy stepped up and kicked him in the neck. the sheriff became unconscious. the motor of the new car sounded loudly as the car drove off.a crowd gathered around the woman with the broken hand. casy moved close to tom. "you have to get out," he said. "go down by the river and hide. he saw you put your foot out.""i don't want to go," said tom.casy whispered, "they'll fingerprint you. you broke parole. they'll send you back.""oh! i forgot!""go quick," casy said. "before he gets up." then he turned to al. "get out," he said. "go on, get out - to the tent. you don't know anything.""yeah? how about you?"casy smiled at him. "somebody has to take the blame. and your ma and pa will get in trouble and they'll send tom back to mcalester."al considered it for a moment. "ok," he said. "i think you're a fool, though."tires screamed on the highway and an open car came quickly into the camp. four men with guns got out. casy walked to them."what's going on here?" casy said, "i knocked out your man there."one of the men with guns went to the sheriff. he was conscious. "what happened here?""well," said casy, "he got mean, so i hit him. and then he started shooting - hit a woman over there. so i hit him again.""what did you do in the first place?""i talked back," said casy."get in the car."the sheriff was up. he looked at casy. "it doesn't look like him.""it was me," casy said. "you got smart with the wrong fellow."when the police had gone, the people came out of the tents. the sun was down now and a gentle blue evening light was in the camp. the women went back to the fires and the men came together to talk softly.rosasharn moved weakly out of the tent. "where's connie?" she asked angrily. "i ain't seen connie for a long time. where did he go?""i ain't seen him," ma said.the tears started again in rosasharn's eyes. she went back toward the tent. the girl knelt down and started preparing the potatoes. she said, "wait until i see him. i'll tell him."uncle john dug with his thumb into a small pocket of his blue jeans and took out a dirty folded bill. he spread it out and showed it to pa. "five dollars," he said."steal it?" pa asked."no, i had it. kept it to get drunk. i knew there was going to be a time when i would have to get drunk. the preacher went and gave himself up to save tom. i just have to get drunk."pa took the dirty bill and gave uncle john two dollars. "there you are," he said. "a fellow has to do what he has to do."uncle john stood up and walked away. pa and ma and the children watched him walk up to the highway and across the road to the grocery store.ruthie whispered to winfield, "i'm going to get drunk." she swung around and crossed her eyes and let her tongue hang out. "look at me. i'm drunk.""look," winfield cried. "i'm uncle john." he spun around and then fell to the ground.al and tom walked quietly toward the camp, and they saw the children walking strangely. tom stopped and said, "are you two crazy?"the children stopped - embarrassed. "we were just playing," ruthie said."it's a crazy way to play," tom said.ruthie said, "it ain't any crazier than a lot of things."tom and al continued to walk quietly. tom said, "why did casy do that? he'd been talking about how he hadn't done anything for us. he's a funny fellow, al. thinking all the time."they walked past the tents. floyd popped his head out of his tent. "are you getting out?"tom said, "i don't know. do you think we should?"floyd laughed. "they'll burn you out if you don't. one of their men took a beating tonight. yeah, they'll burn us out."al said, "a fellow told me about a government camp near here. where is it?""oh, i think that's full.""well, where is it?""go south on highway 99 about fourteen miles, and turn east to weedpatch. but i think it's full.""a fellow says it's nice," al said."we have to move on," tom said. "bye, floyd.""bye," floyd said. "hope to see you again."the frying pan of potatoes was cooking over the fire. ma moved the thick slices around with a spoon. pa and rosasharn sat near the fire."it's tom!" ma cried. "thank god.""we have to get out of here," said tom. "they're going to burn the camp down tonight."rosasharn demanded, "have you seen connie?""yeah," said al. "going south, up the river.""was he going away?""i don't know."ma turned to the girl. "rosasharn, you've been talking and acting strangely. what did connie say to you?"rosasharn said sadly, "he said that he was sorry he hadn't stayed home and studied about tractors."they were all quiet. then pa said, "connie wasn't any good. i saw that a long time ago."rosasharn got up and went into the tent."sh," ma said to pa."well, he ain't any good," repeated pa. "all the time saying what he's going to do, then doing nothing.""sh!" ma said softly.tom interrupted, "hey. we're not sure connie's gone forever. we don't have time for talking. we have to eat and get on our way."ma had been turning the potatoes in the hot oil. now she made her decision. "come on!" she cried. "let's eat. we have to go quick."pa said, "how about john?""where is uncle john?" tom asked.pa and ma were silent for a moment and then pa said, "he went to get drunk.""what?" tom said. "where did he go?""i don't know," said pa.tom stood up. "look," he said, "you eat and get the stuff loaded. i'll go look for uncle john." tom walked away quickly. he went across the road to the grocery store. when he walked inside, he saw a gray man behind the counter. "good evening," he said."good evening," said the man. "are you looking for something?""my uncle," tom said.the gray man looked puzzled and worried at the same time. "ten times a day someone comes in here looking for someone.""well, did you see a fellow about sixty years old, wearing black pants, buying alcohol?""well, yes i did," said the man. "i've never seen so much drinking, so i looked after him. he went down to the river. six cans of the strong stuff. he won't be far away."tom said, "thank you, mister. oh, and if you see a young man named connie, tell him we went south." he went outside and crossed the highway and walked along the edge of it. below him in the sunken field lay the hooverville. tom stopped and listened. a voice sang out.the dull voice sang, "i've given my heart to jesus, so jesus take me home." tom followed the voice down to the river. he saw uncle john holding an empty bottle and moving his body from side to side.tom said quietly, "hey, uncle john."uncle john turned his head. "who are you?""you forgot me already?""no, tom. don't try to trick me. i'm all alone here.""listen to me, uncle john. we're going to move on. you come along and you can sleep on the load."john shook his head. "no. go on. i ain't going. i'm going to stay here.""come on now, uncle john," tom said.uncle john just shook his head. tom bent down close to uncle john and hit him on the chin. uncle john's head fell back and then forward with the rest of his body. tom stood up and lifted the body over his shoulders.when tom returned to the camp, the truck was loaded and ready. tom and al pushed uncle john onto the load."all ready," said pa.tom asked, "where's rosasharn?""over there," said ma. "come on, rosasharn. we're going now."the girl sat with her head bent down. "i ain't going." she did not raise her head."you have to go.""i want connie. i ain't going until he comes back."three cars pulled out of the camp, up the road to the highway, old cars loaded with tents and people.tom said, "connie will find us. i left a message at the store. he'll find us."ma said, "come on, honey""i want to wait.""he'll find us," tom said. "don't worry."rosasharn and ma walked slowly together to the truck. pa and al and tom got into the seat. when everyone else was on the load, tom drove off.the truck climbed up to the highway. behind them, a little row of red lights that looked like flames ran across the highway toward the hooverville. tom stopped the truck at the side of the road. he watched the red lights cross the entrance of the dirt road and continue on. in a few moments, there came the sounds of shouts and screams and then flames rose from the direction of the camp. tom turned on the engine and turned the car south.ma asked carefully, "where are we going, tom?""i'm going to look for that government camp," tom said. "a fellow said that they don't have any cops there."