cotton pickers wanted said the signs along the road. people appeared, ready to work. they picked the cotton and put it into large bags. if they did not have a bag, they had to buy one for a dollar. when a bag broke, they sewed up the open end. when both ends broke, they used the cloth to make clothes.the bags full of cotton were weighed. sometimes, the scales cheated the cotton pickers of money. sometimes, the cotton pickers put rocks in the bags to make them heavier. the cotton pickers and the scale man always argued, always fought.the cars moved into the cotton fields and the cotton camps were set up. the boxcars, twelve of them, stood end to end on a little flat area near the stream. they had large sliding doors but no windows. the joads shared an end car with the wainwrights, so ma hung a large blanket across the middle of the boxcar. the cotton pickers worked quickly until dark each day. they knew the work would soon end.ma came into the boxcar carrying a large bag full of food. rosasharn sat on a box beside the stove. "did you get milk?" the girl demanded."yeah, right here," ma said. "are the potatoes ready?""yeah, ma.""well, we're going to have pork tonight," ma said with a smile on her face.uncle john and pa and al came in. winfield followed behind. "ma," winfield said. "ma, ruthie told.""told what.""about tom."ma stared at winfield. "what did she say?""she only told a little. a big girl took her candy and ruthie tried to get it back and they got into a fight. and the big girl said that she was going to get her big brother. and ruthie said she was going to get her big brother who was hiding because he killed a man.""oh!" ma said. "oh! dear god." she looked at winfield and said, "you go get ruthie. pa, you stay here, and i'll take tom some food and tell him what's happened.""all right," pa agreed.ma quickly put some food in a bowl and covered it with a towel. she stepped out of the boxcar and moved proudly down the line of tents and cars. she stepped in among the tall grass and bushes along the stream until she found the cave where tom was hiding. "tom," she called."is that you, ma?""yeah, right over here. i have to talk to you, tom.""you have to come in so no one sees you."she lowered her head and went into the cave. it was dark and she could not see tom's face. but she knew that he was near. she placed the food down and soon she could hear him chewing. "ruthie told about you, tom.""what? why did she do that?""well, it wasn't her fault. some kids were fighting and it came out." then ma was silent. she finally said, "you have to go, tom. i don't want you to.""i know, ma.""how's your face?" she reached out into the darkness and felt his head and face. "you have a bad wound and your nose is all bent.""maybe that's a good thing. no one will know me.""tom, i have some money for you. seven dollars. it ain't much. but you can take a bus far away from here.""oh, ma. you need that money.""now, you just take it.""ok," he said. he then ate the rest of the food.ma said, "what are you going to do?""what casy did," he said."but they killed him.""yeah," said tom. "he didn't run quick enough. he wasn't doing anything against the law. and all of these people are working hard and living like animals."she put the money in tom's hand. "goodbye," she said. she walked away quickly."goodbye," tom said softly.when ma returned to the boxcar, pa and uncle john were sitting outside. ma said, "i found tom, and i sent him away."pa sadly looked away. uncle john dropped his chin on his chest. then pa said, "the cotton's nearly gone."al stepped out from the boxcar. ma said, "we'll have to move along.""i'll have to go soon," al said."you can't," ma said. "we need you.""well, aggie wainwright and me are going to get married and i'm going to get a job in a garage and rent a house. and nobody can stop us."pa and uncle john and ma stared at him. "al," ma said at last. "we're glad. we're very glad.""you are?""well, you're grown up. and a man needs a wife. but don't go now, al. stay until spring."mrs. wainwright's head appeared from the boxcar. "have you heard the news?""yeah. just heard," ma said."well, let's have a little party!"rosasharn came to the door of the boxcar. "what's the matter?""it's good news!" ma said. "al and aggie are getting married. and we're going to have a little party."the next day, the rain started. the roads were shiny with water. the rain fell steadily. hour by hour the cotton plants seemed to blacken and die. the evening came early. the rain continued. in the boxcars the families stayed close together, listening to the pouring water on the roofs. the families knew that this meant no more cotton, no work until spring - no money, no food.then pools of water formed and in the low places little lakes formed in the fields. the muddy lakes rose higher. at last, the mountains were full and the hillsides spilled into the streams.on the third day of the rain, the sound of the stream could be heard above the drumming rain. pa and uncle john stood in the open door and looked out over the rising stream.uncle john said, "some fellows are talking about moving somewhere else.""but these cars are dry," pa said. "you can't find as dry a place as these cars. you wait." he looked down at the water again. "it's coming up fast. maybe those other fellows will want to dig an area for the water to go into and a wall to stop it coming over here."ma's voice called out, "mrs.wainwright, mrs. wainwright!"the fat little woman came down the car. "do you want me?"ma pointed to rosasharn's face. "look." the girl's forehead was wet and fear filled her eyes. "i think it's coming. it's early."mrs. wainwright bent over the girl and looked at her carefully. "it will be all right."ma said, "ruthie! you and winfield go outside with aggie. go on now.""why?" they demanded."because rosasharn is going to have her baby. now go." rosasharn said nervously, "is it coming?""sure," ma said. "you're going to have a nice baby.""we'll help you, honey," mrs. wainwright said.pa put his head in through the narrow opening of the door. "why did you shut the door?"ma said, "her time's come.""then, we have to build that wall. we couldn't go if we wanted to.""no. we can't go now."pa ran outside, stepping heavily through the mud. "we have to build the wall. we can't go now. my girl is having a baby."twenty men helped build the wall, digging the mud with shovels and buckets. they worked quickly, like machines. when one man dropped his shovel, another man picked it up and continued shoveling. they took off their coats and hats. their clothes and shoes were covered in mud.a scream came from the joad car. the men stopped and listened anxiously and then went back to work. the water rose slowly up the side of the new wall. "higher!" pa cried. "we have to get it higher!"the evening came and the work went on. and now the men were almost too tired to stand. from time to time pa looked in the car door. "all right?" he asked."yeah! i think so," ma said.the stream was suddenly growing more quickly. then, from up the stream came a loud crash. a large tree had fallen into the stream and was coming down toward the wall. the tired men watched, their mouths hanging open. the tree pushed and broke the wall. the broken wall washed quickly down, washed around ankles, around knees. the men turned and ran. "come on, the cars are high," pa cried.they ran back to the boxcars. some of the men hurried into their vehicles and drove off through the mud.pa carefully squeezed through the narrow door opening. the two lamps were turned low. ruthie and winfield were asleep in the corner. ma sat on the bed beside rosasharn. ma looked up when pa entered, and then quickly down."how is she?" pa asked.ma did not look up again. "all right, i think. sleeping.""never breathed," said mrs. wainwright softly. "never was alive."pa said weakly, "we did what we could.""i know," ma said."we worked all night. and a tree cut through the wall.""i know," she said."i don't know how high the stream's going to rise. it might flood the boxcar. maybe we'll have to go."ruthie moved her hand over her eyes. "where's the baby?" she demanded.ma wet her lips. "there ain't any baby. there never was a baby. we were wrong. now go back to sleep."pa and al and uncle john sat in the boxcar doorway and watched the dawn come up. the rain had stopped. but the water was still climbing slowly. "do you think it will come in the boxcar?" al asked."i don't know.""well, i've been thinking. we can take down the sideboards of the truck and build a platform. that way we can pile our stuff up and maybe it will stay dry until the water level goes back down. and we can go across to the other side of the highway, away from the stream water, on higher ground."pa thought for a minute. "yeah. we need to do that. we can't stay here.""i'll get started," al said.the rain began again. ma built a little fire with the last of the dry sticks. the family sat around and ate the last of their food, boiled potatoes. finally pa said, "it's time to go."al said, "i can't. aggie. she and i ...""of course," ma said. "you stay here, al. take care of our stuff.when the water goes down, we'll come back. come on, rosasharn, children. we're going to a dry place."pa and uncle john hurried out first and stood in the water waiting. they helped rosasharn, sad and weak. pa held rosasharn as high as he could. uncle john carried ruthie while winfield rode on his shoulders. together they walked slowly to the highway, where the children got down. ma searched the land and flooded fields with her eyes. then she saw an old barn. "come on," she called to her family. "this way."the rain became heavier. "hurry up, ruthie, winfield. run ahead."they entered the old barn. it was dark inside. a little light came in through the cracks in the old boards. winfield said, "look! in the corner."ma looked. there were two figures, a man who lay on his back, and a boy sitting beside him. the boy looked at them and said, "do you own this place?""no," ma said. "we've just come in from the rain. we have a sick girl." ma looked at the man. "what's the matter with him?""he got sick in the cotton. hasn't eaten in six days. said he wasn't hungry or he just ate. gave me the food. now he's too weak to move.""is he your pa?" ma asked."yeah," the boy said. he started to cry. "he's dying. last night i went and stole some bread but he couldn't eat it. got to have soup or milk. do you folks have money for milk?"ma said, "don't worry. we'll think of something." she looked at pa and uncle john watching the sick man. she looked at rosasharn, now sitting on the floor with a blanket wrapped around her. ma's eyes passed rosasharn's eyes and then came back to them. and the two women looked deep into each other.the girl said, "yes."ma smiled. "i knew you would," she said.rosasharn whispered, "will - will you all go out?"ma reached out and brushed the hair from her daughter's forehead and then kissed her. she said to the others, "come on, let's go outside for a few minutes." she took the boy's arm and stepped outside the barn. uncle john, pa, and the children followed her.for a minute, rosasharn sat quietly. then, she raised her tired body and went over to the dying man. she stood looking down at the thin face, into the wide frightened eyes. then, slowly she lay down beside him. he shook his head slowly from side to side. rosasharn loosened one side of the blanket and let out her breast. "you have to," she said and pulled his head close. "there!" she said. "there." her hand moved behind his head and supported it. her fingers moved gently in his hair. she looked up and across the barn and smiled mysteriously.