after having their pizzas bill, michelle, nick and pam got on the web and started looking for information on professor massey.they opened the university of ventura site and clicked on the department of native american studies."hey, look guys," said bill, "it says that massey's an important professor. he's the president of the ventura ecological society and he even wrote a book.""there's his picture," said pam, looking at all the information. "he's forty years old.""hmm," said nick, reading the site, "he got his degree at the university of california, berkeley - ucb, near san francisco. it's a famous university.""let's look at the ucb students' site," said michelle. "perhaps there's a picture of him when he was a student."after a few minutes she cried, "we found him! here's his picture: daniel massey. it says he was the best student of his class, played football and received a scholarship.""he looked different when he was a student," said nick. "he had lots of black hair; now he's bald. and he didn't wear glasses.""yeah," said pam, "but there's something strange about him in this picture.""what?" asked bill, nick and michelle."his eyes... his eyes are dark brown! but professor massey's eyes are blue!" said pam."you're right!" said bill."in this student picture he looks like an american indian!" said pam. "look at the black hair and the dark brown eyes!"the four friends looked at the computer silently."gee, he's the same person but the color of his eyes is different," said michelle. "but why?""perhaps he's not the same person," said pam."no, i'm sure he's the same person," said nick. "remember the anagram on his license plate.""but why are his eyes blue now?" asked pam."i know!" said michelle excitedly. "he's wearing blue contact lenses!""you're right!" cried bill. "he changed the color of his eyes with blue contact lenses.""i think professor massey is edward yukat's son," said michelle excitedly. "he was eighteen when his father died twenty-two years ago. and now he's forty. the dates match. for some reason he wanted to change his identity. he left la and moved to northern california, where no one knew him and changed his name. when he graduated from ucb he shaved his head and got blue contact lenses, so no one could recognize him. and now he wears glasses."there was silence in the room and the four friends looked at each other, amazed."with a new name and a new face he's very different," said nick. "he doesn't look like daniel yukat anymore.""if this man is really yukat's son, then we have found jacob richardson's murderer!" said pam."let's go and talk to the sheriff about this tomorrow morning," said bill. "i think we can help your uncle, pam.""that's great," said pam. "let's go to see the sheriff with all the information we have."the next morning the four friends went to the portola point sheriff's office."can we talk to sheriff lopez?" michelle asked."certainly," said a young sheriff. "his office is the second door on the left."when sheriff lopez saw them he smiled and said, "please come in and sit down."he closed the door and said, "how can i help you?"bill, michelle, nick and pam explained everything to sheriff lopez and showed him the newspaper articles from the los angeles gazette. he seemed quite interested and wrote some things down in a notebook."you're telling me some very surprising things," said the sheriff. "you're saying that professor daniel massey is an american indian called yukat, and he's edward yukat's son! how is that possible?"he called one of his men and said, "fred, can you please check the name yukat - daniel yukat - and see if there's a driver's license under that name? a driver's license has a picture of the person and other information. in california you can get a driver's license at the age of sixteen - i don't think he had blue contact lenses at that age! and then check the name massey - daniel massey."fred came back after some time with two printouts in his hand."i found something interesting!" he said. "here's a printout of daniel yukat's driver's license when he was sixteen. here it says 'black hair, dark brown eyes, six-feet-two-inches tall'. and he lived in la.""good work, fred!" said the sheriff."and here's daniel massey's driver's license," said fred, "it says 'bald, blue eyes, six-feet-two-inches tall, must wear glasses.' his home address is 25 catalina drive, ventura hills i ran both pictures through the id computer program, and they match! these two men are the same person."sheriff lopez stared at the printouts."incredible," said the sheriff, "daniel yukat and daniel massey are the same person! he evidently changed his identity after his father died. but why? this is hard to believe - dan massey! we have to investigate. this man had a good reason to kill richardson but luke langley and george rivers had good reasons too. and now that langley's in mexico it's going to be very hard to find him."sheriff lopez was silent for a minute and then said, "i have to work on this case. there are some things i don't understand. we need more evidence. you people did some great detective work - thanks! if you have other information, let me know. but now, let me and my men do the work. remember, murderers are dangerous people."the four friends left the sheriff's office and pam asked, "do you think the sheriff's going to find any evidence against professor massey?""well, we're going to try and find some!" said bill."i really want to stay and help," said pam, "but i have to go back to the riding stable. now that uncle george is in prison the people at the stable need my help. there's a lot of work to do.""we'll call you and let you know what's happening," said nick."ok, thanks, guys," said pam. "you're wonderful friends! bye!""bye, pam!" said nick.bill, michelle and nick were walking by an ice-cream parlor and bill said, "how about a cone? the chocolate here is great.""yeah!" said nick and michelle together."we need to find out more about massey," said michelle."well, we know he's head of the department of native americans studies at ventura university, where there's a museum," said bill."and the museum is open to the public," said michelle. "why don't we go to ventura and look around?"ventura university was open for summer classes, and bill, michelle and nick went to the native american studies hall and visited the small museum. they saw chumash spears, arrows, blankets and other objects.as they walked out of the museum, they saw professor massey and he recognized them."good afternoon!" he said. "i didn't know you were interested in native american studies.""well," said nick, "this is my first vacation in california and i want to see everything. the chumash are very interesting people.""yes, they are," he said, "that's why i opened this small museum.""you know a lot about american indians," said michelle. "are you part native american?"professor massey's face turned red and his blue eyes became angry, but he smiled and said, "me? no, no! not with these blue eyes." he laughed nervously."well, it's time to go," said bill. "goodbye, professor massey."