the next morning mr martin drove bill, michelle, nick and pam to downtown los angeles on his way to work."what a big city!" said nick."too big!" said mr martin. "it takes hours to drive across it. there's always a lot of traffic." he stopped his car in front of a tall building. "this is the newspaper office," he said. "remember, the bus for portola point leaves at 2 o'clock. don't miss it!""don't worry, dad, we won't," said michelle."thanks for the ride, mr martin," said pam and nick."good luck!" said mr martin, driving away.the four friends went to the newspaper library of the los angeles gazette on the 15th floor. a clerk helped them and they began investigating. bill sat in front of a computer with his sister and friends next to him. he typed in the name yukat and two newspaper articles appeared on the screen."look at the dates!" said pam. "these articles are from twenty-two years ago."construction worker fallsfrom 21st floor and diesedward yukat, 46, an american indian construction worker, fell from the 21st floor of a new building and died yesterday afternoon. yukat was working on the new acme business tower in downtown los angeles when he hurt his foot and fell to his death.los angeles police captain michael wright said, "mr yukat was an experienced construction worker for the j. richardson construction company. mr richardson did not follow the safety rules of the state of california. he probably didn't want to spend money on safety equipment. and that's why edward yukat died."the los angeles police are now investigating richardson's responsibility. edward yukat leaves a wife and a son of eighteen."how awful!" said michelle."look at the next article," said pam.yukat trialrichardson not responsible for accidentthree months after edward yukat's death, judge marian nelson of the los angeles superior court said, "jacob richardson is not responsible for the accidental death of his construction worker, edward yukat. the case is closed."richardson and his three lawyers from the brannan law offices were very pleased with judge nelson's decision.when mrs yukat and her son heard this, they were very upset. mrs yukat started crying and left the courtroom. her eighteen-year-old son said,"jacob richardson was responsible for my father's death. my father worked without any safety equipment like all of richardson's workers...""wow! now we know who yukat was," said nick. "but that's not much!""i'm sure richardson was responsible for yukat's death," said michelle, "but he had the money to pay the best lawyers in los angeles.""the poor yukats," said pam sadly. "construction companies often use american indians to work on tall buildings because they're not afraid of high places.""i wonder where yukat's son is now. he has a good reason to hate richardson," said nick."let's print these two articles," said pam, "and show them to my grandfather and uncle.""ok!" said bill. "then let's look in the phone directory - perhaps we can find a yukat," said bill. "there are a few directories at the front desk."bill looked in the los angeles phone directory and said, "there's not one yukat in the directory!"the four friends had lunch and caught the two o'clock bus for portola point. during the ride home they talked about the "yukat case", but it was a mystery to them. was yukat's son living in california? and was he the murderer? how could they find out?that evening there was a hot dog party on the beach to welcome nick to portola point. bill and michelle organized it the week before and invited their high school friends. everyone brought hot dogs and potato chips. then they roasted the hot dogs on the open fire on the beach. mrs martin made a big bowl of potato salad and two apple pies. pam brought plastic plates, cups and forks. julie alvarez and her boyfriend, stephen, brought soft drinks. barbara andrews brought her guitar.it was a beautiful, warm night on the beach, and they all sat around the fire. nick sat next to pam and they started talking. after eating, barbara played her guitar and everyone sang old songs.then it was time to play "anagrams". each person said a word and the others tried to make the anagram."my turn," said pam. "the word is lives."after a few minutes barbara said, "elvis! elvis!""good!" said pam. "that's a point for you.""ok, my turn now," said barbara. "the word is listen."nick thought for a moment and then said, "i have it! it's silent.""great!" said barbara. "a point for nick.""ok, here's a hard one - the eyes," said nick.a few minutes passed and michelle said, "they see!""great, michelle!" said nick."i have a good one," said michelle, "eleven plus two!""hey, i'm not good at math!" said julie alvarez, laughing.no one had the answer but at last stephen said, "it's twelve plus one!""super!" said michelle. "your point and your turn, stephen." the game went on until half past eleven. then they cleaned up, put out the fire and went home.