early the next morning the ventura county sheriff and his men were at meg richardson's home. they started investigating the murder."mrs richardson, what do you remember about the murderer?" asked sheriff pedro lopez, who was a tall man of about thirty with dark hair.mrs richardson was very upset and her voice was shaking. "it was dark, but the garden lights were on. he had long black hair and he was dressed like a warrior with war paint on his face and body. his horse had war paint too. at first i thought it was the ghost warrior... but he was real!""how old do you think he was?" asked the sheriff."i don't know" said meg. "it was difficult to see his face because he had war paint on and i was scared. but i don't think he was old.""was he riding the horse with a saddle?" asked the sheriff."oh, i don't remember clearly," she replied."do you have any neighbors?" asked the sheriff."my closest neighbor is about half a mile away," said meg sadly.a good-looking man walked into mrs richardson's garden."mrs richardson," said the sheriff, "this is professor daniel massey from ventura university. he's the head of the department of native american studies at the university. he's an expert on californian native americans and he recently published a book about them. he'll study the spear that killed your husband. it could help us find the murderer.""how do you do, mrs richardson," said professor massey quietly. "i'm very sorry about your husband, but i'm here to help you in every way."professor massey was a tall, well-dressed man of about forty, with a tan.he was bald, had blue eyes and wore glasses. he was a good friend of wild wolf and george rivers at the reservation. he put on special gloves, picked up the spear and examined it carefully. the spear had designs and three black feathers on top."this is a chumash spear - look at the red and white lines and circles. the three black feathers are the sign of death," said professor massey."a chumash spear!" exclaimed sheriff lopez. "then this is a chumash murder. let's drive to the reservation and look around."that morning bill, michelle and nick heard about the richardson murder on the radio."what a terrible way to die!" said michelle."horrible!" said bill. "yesterday the old chumash was very angry and perhaps he decided to kill richardson.""oh, i don't know," said nick. "the radio said 'a middle-aged american indian warrior with long black hair. perhaps a chumash'.""the radio said he was riding his horse with a saddle," said michelle. "that's strange because american indian warriors ride bareback.""michelle," said bill, "are you trying to solve another mystery?""is this going to be another peter o'nell case?" asked nick."well, we helped the miami police solve the o'nell case, with rover's help," said michelle. "i think we're very good detectives!""and we agree," said bill and nick.the doorbell rang and it was pam."hi, guys!" said pam. "did you hear about the richardson murder?""yeah, we heard about it on the radio this morning," said michelle."terrible, isn't it?" said pam. "now the sheriff thinks a chumash was the murderer. no one at the reservation liked richardson but no one wanted to kill him. the chumash are peaceful people.""please don't worry, pam," said bill."hey, it's almost half past ten," said michelle. "we don't want to miss the bus to the reservation."when they got to the reservation they went to the riding stable. outside the stable they saw the sheriff's car and a big black jeep with a personalized license plate.