wednesday, 15th july 1998chichester, sussexdexter mayhew was lying in bed with sylvie cope at the end of a difficult day. recently, something strange had happened to dexter. he had fallen in love. he'd had many lovers but he'd never been in love before. and now the girl beside him was more important to him than anything in the world. he almost couldn't believe his luck.sylvie was tall, slim and beautiful, with long, straight hair and a heart-shaped face. she and dexter had known each other for several months and they spent lots of time together. every weekend they flew to a different european city and they always had a wonderful time. they spent lots of dexter's money in expensive shops. sylvie was excited to know dexter in real life, after seeing him on television. but the truth was that dexter liked sylvie much more than she liked him. but dexter actually enjoyed this. it meant that sylvie was different from his other girlfriends.sylvie worked in marketing. dexter had met many of her friends, who also worked in marketing. he hadn't liked them and they hadn't liked him. who cared? and tonight, dexter and sylvie were staying at the home of her parents in chichester. today, dexter had met the cope family for the first time.dexter hadn't enjoyed meeting the copes much. sylvie's parents clearly didn't admire unimportant television presenters and sylvie's twin younger brothers had mocked him openly.but dexter really didn't care about that. sylvie was on his side and that was the only important thing. sylvie was on his side and now she was by his side, in the big bed.'i love you,' dexter said to her quietly. he'd never said these simple words to anyone before. 'you're amazing!' he added. but sylvie was already asleep.as dexter lay awake, he realized that he wanted to tell someone else about sylvie and about his good luck. he wanted to tell someone he liked and trusted. and suddenly, he knew who he wanted to tell. it was someone he hadn't spoken to for three years. he wanted to tell emma morley.