'we should have charged marlow with the murder. we have the results of the dna tests. we know he did it. she's no good.' the third visitor was arnold upcher, marlow's lawyer. 'i think you should look at these cases, chief superintendent. in each one, the evidence depended on dna tests and in each one the accused was found not guilty. mr marlow has said he was at home when the girl was murdered and you don't have enough evidence to prove he committed the murder. you have to let him go.'***tennison interviewed the girl who lived with karen.'the last time i saw her, she was going to work. she was a fashion model. she was always so happy.' the girl burst into tears.michael, karen's boyfriend, could not help.'we argued. i haven't seen her for a few weeks. i was on holiday until the 13th of january. when i came home i telephoned the apartment and her friend said she wasn't there. then i telephoned her parents' house but they hadn't seen her since christmas. so i went to the police and reported that she was missing.''where were you on the night of the thirteenth?''at my parents' home. they'll tell you i was there all night.'***at 6.15pm, kernan said they must let marlow go home. there was not enough evidence to prove that he murdered karen and the police had kept him as long as they could.tennison broke the news to the other police officers.'we keep investigating him until we find the evidence.''you shouldn't have let him go!' otley shouted. 'if marlow kills another girl, it will be your fault.''that's enough, sergeant otley,' tennison said, 'this case was handled badly from the beginning. there is not enough evidence to charge him, so we will keep searching for more until we can bring him back and keep him here.'tennison opened her car door. marlow ran up to her.'excuse me, miss,' he said. 'i wanted to thank you. i knew you would help me.' tennison stared at him. he was handsome, he looked innocent, but she knew that he was the murderer. she was certain that he was involved. marlow got into a taxi. a moment later, otley ran up to tennison's car. 'i've just had a telephone call. they've found another body. she was attacked and her hands were tied. from the description, it's della mornay.'it was after 8pm when tennison and otley reached the field where the body lay. it was raining hard and the ground was muddy.the body was covered with dirt. it had been there for a long time. tennison looked at the face.'i think you're right. it looks like della mornay.'although the body was covered with mud, she could see the marks on the girl's arms. they were the same as the marks on karen's body.'you shouldn't have released marlow,' otley said. 'he probably did this one too.''i had to let him go. if shefford hadn't made so many mistakes at the beginning of the investigation -''don't you talk about my boss like that!' otley shouted. 'he was a good policeman. he knew marlow was the killer. he thought he'd done another murder in oldham -''what? why didn't you tell me?''he wasn't certain.''there must be reports on this other case. i want them on my desk tomorrow morning. and otley - if you hide any more information from me, i'll have you moved to another department.'