great news! another person is coming to live here. eight is no more difficult than seven, and it is so dangerous for jews now. we have chosen a dentist called alfred dussel. he seems to be nice. miep knows him, and she will help him to get here. he will have to sleep in my room though, and margot will have to move in with our parents. we'll ask him to fill the holes in our teeth!tuesday, 17 november 1942mr dussel has arrived. everything went smoothly. he came to the warehouse, and miep asked him to take off his coat, so that no one could see the yellow star. then she brought him to the private office. he still had no idea where he was going, or what was going to happen! when she opened our bookcase door, he was so surprised! he thought we had left the country. we were waiting around the table, ready to welcome him with a drink.after lunch he slept for a short time, put away his things, and joined us for tea. we gave him the list of rules for the secret annexe that the van daans had written.guide to the secret annexefor jews and other people without homesopen all year round: near to the centre of amsterdam, but in a quiet street with trees.price: free.food: low fat.water: in the bathroom (sorry, no fixed bath) and also on some of the walls.space for storing things: plenty.private radio: for all guests after 6 p.m. but you must never listen to the news on german radio stations, only music.rest hours: from 10 p.m. to 7.30 a.m.; 10.15 a.m. on sundays. this is for your safety. the management may also ask you to rest at other times too.use of language: speak softly at all times, and not in german.exercise: every day.lessons: offered in english, french, and other subjects.singing: only softly, and after 6 p.m.mealtimes: breakfast 9 a.m. (11.30 a.m. on sundays and holidays). lunch: a light meal from 1.15 p.m. to 1.45 p.m.dinner: sometimes a hot meal, sometimes not. the time of dinner changes because of radio news broadcasts. bath: the moveable bath can be used by all guests after 9 a.m. on sundays. you may take your bath in the bathroom, kitchen, private office or front office.