in the first weeks of married life, michael and apollonia went for walks in the hills and drove around the countryside in their small black car. but news of the wedding had reached michael's enemies. don tommasino told michael that it was too dangerous for him to leave the house. he put men with guns around the house to guard him, and told fabrizio and calo to stay with michael all the time. although he was a prisoner in his home, michael wasn't too unhappy. he had apollonia. he spent the time teaching her how to speak english and how to drive the car.one morning, don tommasino came home to tell michael that sonny was dead. it wasn't safe for michael to stay in the house any more. he had found a safe house outside syracuse, and he would have to leave at once. apollonia could live with her parents for a short time. she could join him later.the next morning, michael stood at his bedroom window and saw fabrizio sitting in a garden chair.'get the car,' michael called down. 'i'm leaving in five minutes.''is your wife coming with you?' fabrizio asked.'no, i want you to take her to her father's house until i'm safe.'michael washed, then went downstairs to the kitchen, where he found.calo having breakfast.'where's apollonia?' michael asked.'she's in the car,' calo said, his mouth full of bread. 'you'll get a surprise. she's driving it alone. she'll make a good american wife.' michael smiled and went outside. apollonia was sitting in the car, her hands on the wheel. she laughed and waved at him. but michael was annoyed to see fabrizio about to disappear through the garden gates. 'fabrizio. where are you going?' michael called. fabrizio looked over his shoulder at michael, then continued to walk quickly away. michael watched him go, confused at first. then he looked at the car. suddenly, without thinking, he realized there was danger.he shouted to apollonia: 'no! no!' but she never heard him. there was a loud explosion and michael was thrown to the ground. when he looked up, pieces of burning car were lying all over the garden. the bomb, which someone had intended for him, had killed his beautiful, innocent wife instead.