one autumn afternoon, as kay was walking home, she saw a large black car parked outside the school where she was a teacher. next to the car, there was a serious-looking man in a black hat and long black coat, watching her. kay stopped as if she had seen a ghost.'michael,' she said. 'how long have you been back?''about a year,' he said quietly. then, walking slowly towards her, he said: 'it's good to see you kay'they walked together through the park, hands in pockets, a little shy with each other after so much time. 'i'm working for my father now,' michael explained. 'he's been sick. very sick.''but you're not like him,' kay replied. 'i thought you weren't going to become a man like your father.''as i've grown older, i've learnt to respect him more. he's just an ordinary man who loves his family, that's all.''ordinary men don't have other men killed,' kay said.'listen, kay,' michael stopped walking and looked her in the eyes. 'in five years' time, my family will have no more problems. we'll be a lawful, respectable family. trust me. that's all i can tell you about my business.'kay's eyes filled with tears. 'michael, why did you come here?' she said. 'what do you want with me after all this time? you didn't call. you didn't write ...''i came here because i need you. i care for you.''please stop it.'but michael went on: 'because i want you to marry me.' kay shook her head. 'it's too late.''i promise i'll do anything you ask,' michael continued in a soft, calm voice. 'let's forget the last two years. what's important is that we have each other. that we have children. kay, i need you. and i love you.'as michael was speaking, kay kept looking away. she didn't know what to say. michael had changed. he was different now. there was something cold about him, something hard...but in the end, this didn't matter. before she could answer him, the large black car drove up and stopped next to them. michael opened the back door for her and waited. in her heart, kay realized that she still loved him. without a word, she stepped inside the car.