on monday, njoroge went to school for the first time. he did not know exactly where the school was. so mwihaki, the daughter of jacobo, showed him the way.jacobo was the owner of the land on which njoroge's family lived. jacobo was a black man, but the white men allowed him to grow pyrethrum as a cash crop on his land. pyrethrum was a cash crop which jacobo was able to sell in the market. so jacobo was rich and his big house looked like a white man's home.everything was new to njoroge on that first day. the school was a strange place and the church beside it was the biggest building njoroge had ever seen.when the other boys saw njoroge, they began to tease him.'you are a njuka!' they cried. 'come on, njuka, carry this bag for me.''no, my name's njoroge,' the little boy answered. he did not understand that njuka meant 'new boy'.the boys began to laugh. 'njuka, njuka!' they shouted.but mwihaki stopped them.'yes, he's a njuka. but he's my njuka. don't any of you touch him!'the boys were silent. mwihaki's sister, lucia, was a teacher at the school. they were afraid that if mwihaki told her sister about them they might be beaten.for the first few weeks, njoroge always walked home with mwihaki. they lived near each other and njoroge liked the clever little girl.one day, they did not go straight home. they sat down on a little hill and began to play. they forgot the time and, as darkness came, nyokabi came looking for her son, njoroge.she was angry to find her son with mwihaki. she did not want him to be friends with a rich man's daughter.njoroge was sorry to see his mother so angry. he decided that in the future he would keep away from mwihaki.nyokabi was very proud of her son and she loved to see him reading or writing. she wanted njoroge to get the white man's education. then perhaps one day ngotho, her husband, could stop working for mr howlands.njoroge told his mother everything that happened at school.'the teacher asked me to tell a story today, mother,' he said. 'a story you had told us came into my head. but when i stood up, i was afraid. i lost the story!''a man should not be afraid,' nyokabi said. 'you have many stories. or have we wasted our time telling them to you?''i tell you, mother, i forgot all of them!' and the little boy's eyes opened wide.nyokabi laughed.'all right. i'll tell them to you again. but now you must fetch your brother, kamau. your elder mother, njeri, wants him. don't forget to take off your school clothes first.'dressed in his old piece of calico, njoroge took the path to the house of nganga, the carpenter. the path went near jacobo's house and njoroge saw mwihaki coming towards him. he was ashamed of meeting her dressed in his piece of calico, so he turned away and went along another path.nganga was the village carpenter and ngotho had paid him a lot of money to teach kamau his trade. nganga was rich because he had land. land was much more important than money. a man was rich only if he had land.as njoroge got near to nganga's house, he saw his brother coming towards him.'work's over for today,' kamau said. 'let's go home, brother. oh, how i hate this man, nganga!''why, brother? isn't he a good man?''no, he isn't. he doesn't let me do anything. how can i learn a trade just by watching? he treats me like a servant.''but why?' njoroge asked. 'he is a black man, like you.''blackness is not all that makes a man,' kamau replied bitterly. 'rich men - black or white - never want others to get rich. sometimes a european is better than an african. a white man is a white man. but a black man trying to be a white man is bad and harsh.'njoroge said nothing. these ideas were difficult for him to understand. but he knew that the only good thing was education.