ngotho usually walked through the fields to work. ngotho loved walking through the fields in the early morning when everything was green and the crops were in flower. but today he was walking along the busy tarmac road that went straight to the city. black men had made the road for the white men in the first big war.ngotho was thinking of what his son boro had said. ngotho thought too of all the lonely years of waiting - black men waiting for their land to be returned to them. perhaps they had all waited too long. perhaps it had been wrong to wait at all. perhaps that was the coward's way.mr howlands, the white settler, was already up when ngotho reached his land.'good morning, ngotho.''good morning, bwana.''had a good night?''yes, bwana.'mr howlands always greeted ngotho like this. but the white man's mind was far away. he was thinking of other things. he was thinking about his farm, his shamba. nothing mattered to mr howlands except the shamba. it meant much more to him than his wife. she was a bad-tempered woman who was always quarrelling with the servants. she sent away boy after boy, but mr howlands did not care. but she could not get rid of ngotho. mr howlands refused to send him away.mr howlands loved to see ngotho working in the fields. he loved to watch the strong old man working. he loved to see the old man touching the earth and the plants as though they were his own.mr howlands felt that ngotho was part of the farm. ngotho could not be separated from it. when ngotho had first begun working for him, mr howlands had had no money. but after ngotho came, everything got better. for this reason, mr howlands wanted ngotho to stay.mr howlands looked like many of the other white settlers in kenya. he was tall and heavily built, with a big stomach. his oval shaped face ended in a double chin.like ngotho, mr howlands had fought in the first big war. when peace came, mr howlands was no longer happy in england. he had settled in east africa and the white government had given him land. a year or two later, mr howlands went back to england to find a wife.mrs howlands came to africa and she hated it. she had two children who were sent back to england to study. peter, the boy, was killed in the second big war. the daughter became a missionary.mr howlands loved his son, peter. after peters death, mr howlands cared for nothing but his land. later, he had another son, stephen, but the land was all mr howlands thought about.like mr howlands, ngotho loved the land. ngotho really believed that one day the land would belong to black people again, to his sons perhaps.'you like all this?' said mr howlands to ngotho one day as they stood in the fields.'it is the best land in all the country,' ngotho replied.mr howlands sighed.'i don't know who will look after it when i am gone.'ngotho's heart filled with hope.'then you are going back to england - to your home?''no!' mr howlands shouted. 'no! my home is here.'ngotho could not understand. would these white men never go away?but now mr howlands was thinking about his dead son, peter.'the war took my son, peter, away,' he said.ngotho had not known this. he wanted to tell mr howlands about his own son, mwangi. he wanted to say, 'you white men took my son away too.' but he said nothing. he thought that mr howlands should not complain. after all, it had been the white man's war.