mr howlands was very pleased. his plans were working.blacks were destroying blacks. let them! what did he care? mr howlands was enjoying his work and for a while he had forgotten about farming.mr howlands looked up from his desk at chief jacobo. more than ever, he wanted to kick him. but the time for that had not yet come.'are you sure it's boro who is the leader of the gang?' mr howlands asked.'i'm not sure, but the man is dangerous, as you know. i think he sometimes comes home. even if he doesn't, ngotho must know where he is hiding.''then go on watching ngotho and tell me what he does.'mr howlands knew that one day ngotho would be arrested. when that happened, his work would be over. he would go back to the farm.jacobo took a piece of paper from his pocket. he held it out for mr howlands to read.stop - or we will have your head.this is our last warning.'you fool,' he said to jacobo. 'have you received messages before and not told me?''yes - two. but...''are they from ngotho?''they must be. a few months ago, his youngest son was at my house - with my daughter.mr howlands did not understand.'all right,' he said quickly. 'leave this paper with me. never go out without a guard. watch ngotho. new huts are being built here in the garrison. when they are finished, you can move into the compound with your family.'boro now lived in the forest as a leader of the freedom fighters. boro was daring and brave because he did not care what happened to him. he believed in nothing except revenge. he no longer thought about the land his family had lost. too many of his loved ones had died.when boro's lieutenant spoke of freedom, boro answered bitterly, 'freedom? will there ever be freedom for you and me?''why do we fight then, if not for freedom?''to kill. it's kill or be killed. we kill, the white man kills. fighting is the only way.''but surely we are fighting for a cause. and our cause is freedom.''maybe. but freedom can't bring back my brother. so i kill and rejoice when i kill. chief jacobo will be next. he must die. he has ignored the warnings we sent him.''and mr howlands? what about him?''yes, he is a dangerous man. he will die too, but not yet. jacobo must be shot first.''who's going to do it?''i will,' boro said quietly. 'i must. this is revenge for my family.'throughout the troubled time, the people still believed in education. boro, ngotho and even jacobo - they all believed in education.when njoroge passed his examinations for high school, the news went quickly from hill to hill. many people gave him money to help him to continue his studies. he was not only ngotho's son, but the son of the land.before he went to siriana secondary school, njoroge saw mwihaki again. they had not met for a year, but mwihaki had changed very little.'when people go away, they sometimes forget their friends,' mwihaki said to njoroge.'do they?''yes. but what are you going to do with your life, njoroge? one day you will be an important man.''i don't know. maybe i'll go to britain or america. it doesn't matter.'njoroge glanced at mwihaki who was looking down at the ground sadly. was she jealous of his success?'our country needs us all,' njoroge said. 'it needs me. it needs you. when this trouble is over, we must all get together to rebuild the country. your father told me that and i have never forgotten it.''but the country is so dark now,' mwihaki whispered. 'there is fear in the air. not fear of death, but fear of living.''the sun will rise tomorrow,' njoroge replied.'tomorrow, tomorrow! what is "tomorrow" - what is "the country" - what does it all mean to you?'njoroge saw the anger in mwihaki's eyes and he was a little afraid.'don't be angry, mwihaki,' he said. 'we must have hope. bloodshed and death will not go on for ever. think of the future - of that sweet, sunny day when, with god's help, we can all live freely again.'mwihaki was quiet now.'come,' njoroge said. 'the sun is going down. we must go home.'when they parted, njoroge said, thank you, mwihaki. you have been like a sister to me.'she watched him go. then she wiped away her tears and turned towards her home. she ran back - faster and faster...