njoroge was a clever little boy. he worked hard and did well at school. at the beginning of the next year, he was sent to the third class, standard 1.ngotho was proud of his youngest son. and njoroge himself thought that education was the most important thing in life. he wanted everyone to go to school.one day, when they were hunting in the forest, njoroge asked his brother kamau, 'why don't you start school, like me?'but kamau shook his head.'no, njoroge,' he said. 'a man without land must have a trade. one day i will be a good carpenter. then i will be rich. i will be able to help you continue your education. father agrees with me. he wants you to go on learning, to bring light to our home. education is the light of kenya. that's what jomo says.'njoroge had heard of jomo kenyatta. when jomo had come back from across the sea, many people had gone to nairobi to meet him. njoroge thought that he would like to learn like jomo. one day, he too would cross the sea to the land of the white man.ngotho told njoroge, 'education is everything.' but in his heart, ngotho thought that owning land was more important. education was only good because it would help black people to get back their land.'we black men live under hard conditions,' ngotho told his son. 'you must learn to escape these conditions. a man cannot live without a piece of land.'ngotho did not often complain. he believed that things would change in his lifetime. ngotho believed in his heart that he was looking after the land that would one day belong to his family again. that was why he worked so hard for mr howlands.njoroge listened to his father. njoroge knew that he was expected to do well at school. his education would help others. he would be able to help his father, his two mothers, his brothers and perhaps even the village.'one day,' njoroge told himself, 'something important will happen. and i shall make it happen.'and the little boy's heart was filled with joy.but njoroge found some things difficult to understand. he often asked kamau questions and his big brother tried to answer them.one dark night, njoroge and kamau stood together on the little hill outside the village.'do you see those lights, far away?' kamau said.'yes, that's nairobi, isn't it?' njoroge replied. njoroge looked through the darkness to the distant lights. nairobi, the big city, had taken away his two elder brothers, boro and kori. njoroge could not understand why his brothers had left the family.'do you think boro and kori will forget home?' asked njoroge.'i'm sure they won't. no one can forget his home.''but why couldn't they work here? why did they want to go away?''think, njoroge,' kamau answered. 'there is no work for them here. the only happy people here are the ones with land. boro has no land. he couldn't get work here. and boro is angry with our father because he works for another man. boro is angry with all the older men who let the white men take the land.''what does our father say?''he says that the black men did try to get the land back after the second big war. but they failed.''and does boro blame our father for this?''i think so. boro's heart is full of hate for the white men. he blames the british for the death of our brother, mwangi. the war and the fighting changed boro. he has become a strong and angry man. perhaps he is stronger than our father. i sometimes think that our father is afraid of boro.the two brothers stood looking at the lights of the city, the city that had taken away their brothers.'i would like to go to nairobi too,' kamau said softly.'i'm a good enough carpenter now to get a job in the city.''what about the strike that father has been talking about? if the black people in nairobi go on strike, no one will work.''i don't know,' said kamau. 'father thinks the strike will help us, but i'm not sure.''father says the strike is for all people who want freedom,' njoroge said. 'father says the black people are striking to get their land back. he says that all this land belongs to the black people. do you think that is true, kamau?''yes of course. the land is ours. the white men from england stole it from us. they are all thieves; mr howlands is a thief.''i don't like mr howlands,' njoroge said quietly. 'his son followed me once and i was afraid. he was a tall, thin boy, with yellow hair.'njoroge stood in silence for a minute and then he said, 'kamau, tell me about jomo. who is he?''boro called him the black moses.''i've heard about moses,' njoroge said. 'he is in the bible. he led his people to the land god had given them.'later that night, before he went to sleep, njoroge thought about the future. he did not want to work for a white man. yes, he, njoroge, would be different from his father. before he went to sleep, he prayed.'oh, god, let me get the white man's learning. i want to help my father, my two mothers and all my brothers...'and the little boy fell asleep and dreamt of education - in england.