ngotho was kept in the homeguard post in a small hut without light. he did not know if it was day or night. to him, night and day were the same. he was in terrible pain. he was not able to sleep. he felt that he had failed his children and failed himself.but, in spite of the pain, ngotho was not sorry that jacobo was dead. two days after jacobo had been killed, kamau had been arrested for the murder. for a day and a half, ngotho hesitated. he was not able to make up his mind. then he walked into mr howlands' office and told him that he had killed jacobo. the whole village had been shocked.ngotho was tortured for many days, but he did not change his story.mr howlands was now nearly mad with hatred. even the homeguards were afraid to watch him questioning ngotho. but mr howlands got nothing more from him. all ngotho would say was that he had killed jacobo.njoroge never forgot the day his father came home. ngotho was unable to walk and his face was covered with cuts and bruises. for four days, his eyes and mouth never opened.his wives, nyokabi and njeri, wept to see their broken husband. at last, he opened his eyes and looked around the hut. tears covered his face. when he saw njoroge, he struggled to speak.'you are here...''yes, father.''why are you not at school? have you come to laugh at your own father?''no, father, no. you have given us everything. what could we do without you?'ngotho went on talking, but his thoughts were confused.'did i shoot him? i don't know. but i wanted him dead. the white men want my sons, they want young blood. they took mwangi in the big war. now they've taken kamau. and where are my other sons? only you are here. get back to school! learn everything, then they can't hurt you.''who's that at the door? ah! it's mr howlands ... he wants my heart... boro - boro went away. he knew! i've been a useless father.'then suddenly, boro was in the hut. his hair was long and untidy. he knelt by his father's bed.'forgive me, father,' boro said. 'i didn't know.''so you've come back to laugh at me too. but i only meant good for you all. stay with me now.''but i have to fight,' boro said. 'i must go on fighting. i can't stay here. i can't!'for a moment, ngotho spoke more clearly.'you must stay,' he said firmly.'no, father. but forgive me before i go.'with a great effort, ngotho sat up and put his hand on boro's head.'all right. fight well. peace to you all. and you, njoroge, look after your mo-'ngotho fell back onto the bed.boro stood up.'i should have come before,' he whispered. then, with one last look round the hut, he ran out into the night.they turned back to ngotho. but he too had gone, never to return.that same night, mr howlands was sitting in his office, waiting to go out on night patrol. he enjoyed these patrols. they gave him a feeling of power and strength.mr howlands looked at his watch. the policemen who were to go with him would soon arrive. mr howlands had forgotten to lock the office door. it opened and he looked round. a gun was pointing at his head.'you move and you are dead. now put up your hands. i killed jacobo,' boro said.'i know.''jacobo betrayed black people and helped you to kill them. you raped our women. you killed my father. you took our land.''this is my land,' mr howlands replied.'your land? then, you white dog, you'll die on your land.'boro fired once and mr howlands fell to the ground. boro rushed out into the compound, firing at the police who were all round him. escape was impossible, but boro was full of joy.'he's dead,' he told them. 'the white men taught me to shoot well.'