mr howlands, the district officer, sat alone in his office.it was a small, square building with a red roof. it was surrounded by the buildings and huts of the police garrison. all around was a fence of barbed wire.he had only agreed to become district officer to protect his land from mau mau. they wanted to drive him away, back to england. but who were they? savages. just black savages.before the strike, mr howlands had not really thought about the black workers on his land. he had not thought about their needs or their wants. but now he was willing to fight like a lion for what belonged to him.mr howlands was waiting for jacobo. jacobo was the chief, but a savage like the rest of them! mr howlands was using jacobo to make trouble between the blacks. that would stop them fighting the white man!there was a knock on the door and jacobo came in. he took off his hat and smiled in the way mr howlands hated.'sit down, jacobo. why did you want to see me? i haven't got long. what's the matter?''well, sir. it's this man, ngotho, sir. he's a bad man. a terrible man. he has taken many oaths. and he led the strike.''i know all this,' mr howlands said. 'what has he done now?''this man, ngotho, has sons. they have come back to the village. they are planning trouble - big trouble - especially the son, boro. we should send them all to a detention camp. then we could watch ngotho more closely. i feel sure he is the real leader of mau mau.''all right,' mr howlands answered. 'arrest the sons for breaking curfew or anything. then put them in a camp.'thank you, sir, thank you. i think this mau mau will be beaten.'mr howlands did not answer. when jacobo had gone, mr howlands stood by the window thinking. he had never forgotten what ngotho had done.a few nights later, ngotho and his family were sitting in nyokabi's hut. kamau never slept at home now. boro might be coming later. but he and kori had their beds in njeri's hut, a few yards away.they sat in darkness. when they spoke, they spoke in whispers, but no one had much to say. they knew that the dark night would be long.it was too late for boro to come now. the curfew had begun. njeri and kori stood up quietly. they went out without saying goodbye. no one said goodbye nowadays in case it was for the last time. they were afraid that they might never meet again.'halt!' the terrible shout rang through the night. njoroge trembled with fear. ngotho stood up, went to the door and then walked back to his place. after a while, nyokabi came in, crying bitterly.'they have taken them away!' she cried.ngotho rushed to the door, but it was too late. what a coward! he had watched his wife and son being taken away and done nothing! he came back from the door, blaming himself for being a coward.'jacobo has done this,' ngotho said at last. he wants to ruin me - to destroy this family. and he will do it.'at that moment, boro came in. he could see that something was wrong.they have taken your mother and brother away,' ngotho told him, holding his head in shame. they were out after the curfew.''curfew... curfew...' boro repeated. and turning towards ngotho he said, 'and you did nothing?''listen, my son...' ngotho began.boro turned and went out. they would not see his face again for a long time.njeri was tried and fined for breaking the curfew. but kori was sent to a detention camp without trial. jacobo had not caught ngotho, but he was willing to wait.now ngotho's home was a home no longer. no stories were told there. no young people from the village met there. only njoroge still had faith in his father. and the more terrible conditions became, the more njoroge believed in his education. only education could save them now. one day he would use his learning to fight the white man. he would continue the work his father had started. njoroge even dreamt that one day he would save his country - gods country - kenya.but many things still puzzled him.'this morning,' njoroge told his mother, 'a letter was fixed to the wall of our school. it told the headmaster to close the school. if he didn't, forty boys would have their heads cut off. kimathi signed it.''then you must stay at home,' his mother said. 'your life is more important than education.''i thought mau mau was on the side of the black people,' njoroge said.'hush,' nyokabi whispered. 'don't say that name!'but kamau told njoroge to go back to school.'do you think you are safer at home?' kamau asked. 'no. there's no safe place and no hiding-place in this land.'so njoroge did not leave school. but, like everyone else, he lived in fear. he was almost a young man now and things were becoming clearer in his mind. he was beginning to understand what had happened to his country.kamau was now the only brother still at home. he paid the cost of njoroge's circumcision when the time came. he bought food and clothes and paid njoroge's school fees.so njoroge still felt he had a family - he had a father, a brother and two mothers. in another year, he would take the examination to enter secondary school. so he read and worked harder than ever.