when the elders of the village talked with ngotho, they sometimes sat in the hut of either nyokabi or njeri. then njoroge was happy because he could sit there and listen to them.when kori and boro came home on a visit, they sometimes brought home young men from the city. these young men seemed to know a lot of things. when they talked, they did not laugh and joke as young men usually did. they talked about war, unemployment and stolen land. and when they talked, the elders listened.they often talked about jomo. njoroge had read the bible. in the bible, he had read about moses and how moses had lead the children of israel to the promised land. njoroge believed that when the young men talked about jomo they were really talking about moses. njoroge believed that the black people were the children of israel and jomo was going to lead them to the promised land.the young men also talked about the coming strike. all the black men who worked for white men or the government were going to go on strike. the strikers would show the white men that the black men were not slaves. the black people had children to feed and educate, just like the white men.'everyone will go on strike,' someone said. 'every black man everywhere, even policemen and soldiers. black men are all brothers.''shall we get the same pay as indians and europeans?''yes. it is us, the black people, who do all the hard work. business depends on us. we will demand more money. we cannot live on the money we get now.'everyone listened. they didn't know much about strikes, but they all wanted more money.that night, njoroge prayed that the strike would be a success. then he fell asleep. he dreamt of the money and happiness that they would all have after the strike.when mr howlands heard about the strike, he called all his workers together. he told his workers that anyone who went on strike would lose his job. he would not allow a strike to stop the work on his farm!ngotho listened to mr howlands. his face did not show his thoughts. ngotho could not make up his mind about the strike. it might fail.if he lost his job, the land would never be his. after the meeting, ngotho did not talk to the other men. he went straight home.to njoroge, his father ngotho was the centre of everything. as long as ngotho lived, nothing could go wrong. njoroge feared his father, but he trusted him too. ngotho was well-known as a man who could keep his family together.but thinking about the strike had confused ngotho. fear of losing his land gripped him. and this fear slowly turned to anger.when njoroge came back from school that day, he found nyokabi crying. ngotho, tall and strong in spite of his age, stood in front of her. his face was full of anger.'i must be a man in my own house!' ngotho was shouting.'yes, be a man and lose your job! and then we shall all starve!''i shall do what i like. i have never taken orders from a woman,' ngotho shouted. 'this strike is important for all black people. why must i work for a white man and his children? we need more money and the strike will give it to us!'but nyokabi knew that ngotho was shouting because he was afraid.'what if the strike fails? tell me that!' she cried.'shut up!' ngotho shouted. he slapped nyokabi's face and raised his hand again.njoroge, terribly afraid, ran forward.'please, father!' he cried.ngotho grabbed njoroge by the shoulders. ngotho began to speak, but changed his mind. he let the boy go and walked out of the hut.njoroge tried to comfort his mother, but she went on crying.'why have they bewitched him? my man is changed...'that night, njoroge felt more alone than ever. he did not know who was right - his father or his mother. he prayed for them both and then he asked god a question.'oh, god, do you think the strike will be a success?'njoroge waited in the dark for god's answer, and, while he was waiting, fell asleep.