njoroge had not seen mwihaki since she went to the boarding school. he did not want to see her. how could he be her friend when his father and her father were enemies?but there were times when he longed to see and speak to her. he remembered her soft hands and clear eyes.one saturday, njoroge went to the african shops to see his brother, kamau.'is it well with you, brother?''it is well. how is home?''everything is well at home,' replied njoroge. 'but you look worried, brother. what's the matter?''haven't you heard, njoroge? six men of the village were taken from their houses three nights ago. they have been found dead in the forest. you know all of them. one of them was nganga.''nganga! on whose land we have built our huts?''yes!'njoroge could not believe he would never see the men again. who had killed them? the white men or mau mau? njoroge thought of boro who was fighting in the forest. the thought frightened him.a few days later, on his way home from the market, njoroge heard someone call his name. mwihaki was coming towards him. she was tall and graceful. her soft, dark eyes were full of life.she saw a tall, strong young man with a handsome face- attractive and mysterious.'you have changed much,' njoroge said.'have i? so have you. much has happened since we last met.'they tried to talk, but they could find little to say.'i hope you enjoy your holidays,' njoroge said, starting to move away. 'i must go now.'at first mwihaki did not answer and then she said, 'i'm so lonely here. no one wants to talk to me.'njoroge's heart began to beat hard. and then, suddenly, he said, 'let's meet on sunday in church. let's go there together. as we used to do.''all right. i shall be waiting for you. go in peace.'when mwihaki was walking away, njoroge nearly called her back. he felt that they should not meet. how could he be friends with jacobo's daughter? but on sunday, he put on his best clothes, clean and well pressed. he was afraid, but he remembered mwihaki's words, 'i'm so lonely here.'mwihaki looked very pretty in her white blouse and brown skirt. her black hair was shining and beautiful.she felt that the trouble between ngotho and her father had nothing to do with her feelings for njoroge. she had heard about mau mau. but she did not think anyone in the village was a member of mau mau.the preacher spoke and he gave no comfort to the people. this was a time of fighting and sorrow, as the bible told them. he could not tell them what to do.the two young people went home along the path they used to walk together. when they were near mwihaki's home, she said, 'let's go in.'njoroge started to refuse and mwihaki looked sad.'i know why you don't want to come inside, but please...'they went in together. njoroge hoped that he would not meet jacobo, but then he saw the chief in front of him.njoroge sat quietly, looking at the family photographs on the walls. jacobo and his homeguards sat down too. jacobo looked tired and his face was older. he asked njoroge about his education and said, 'i hope you do well. it is boys like you who must work hard and rebuild the country.'njoroge, in a moment of joy, saw himself rebuilding the whole country. then he saw the homeguards staring at him. he remembered the village men who had died.later, njoroge and mwihaki sat together on the hill near their homes.'when the preacher spoke about the end of the world, i was afraid,' mwihaki said quietly. 'it is very hard to think of all this country being destroyed.''that's what the bible says,' njoroge said.'and all this trouble in our country. do you think jesus knew it would happen? if he did, he could have stopped it.''everything will be all right in the end,' njoroge said softly. 'god will help us.''the thing that worries me most is how my father has changed,' mwihaki said. 'he never talks to me now. and the guns he carries make me afraid of him. people don't talk to me, you know, even girls of my age. it is, oh...' and to njoroge's horror, mwihaki burst into tears.njoroge looked away down towards the plain below them. would he really be able to help his country?'you know, i think the people have sinned. if one man sins, god punishes all.' then, looking at mwihaki, njoroge went on firmly, 'peace shall come to this land.''oh, njoroge, do you really think so?''yes. sunshine always follows a dark night.'mwihaki opened her eyes wide.'shall we go away from here and come back when the dark night is over?''but...''it is a good idea, isn't it?''no, no,' said njoroge. 'how could we leave our parents? and where would we go and what could we eat?'mwihaki laughed, 'i was only joking.'njoroge felt he would never understand this girl.'of course. i knew you were joking,' said njoroge.'when i come back from school, you will be my friend, won't you?'njoroge smiled at the girl who was like a sister to him.'when you come back, i shall be with you. that is a promise. and remember, the sun will rise tomorrow.'they walked back down the hill together before the dark night came. the boy and the girl went forward, thinking their own thoughts. for a time, they forgot about the darkness over their land.