njoroge had to leave school. money was badly needed at home and he had to work. he found a job in one of the indian shops in kippanga. but he could not do the work properly. his life was one long bad dream. his brothers, boro and kamau, were both in prison, accused of murdering mr howlands.when little children came into the shop with their happy, hopeful faces, njoroge thought of his own happy childhood. he thought of his education which would never be completed.njoroge now moved and spoke like an old man. his staring, unhappy eyes frightened the children. after less than a month, he was dismissed from his job. as he walked home to njeri and nyokabi, he thought only of mwihaki. he knew he had to see and speak to her.mwihaki had heard about her father's death while she was at school. she had come home at once, crying as never before.njoroge sent her a note, but she decided that she could not meet him. she felt she would be betraying her dead father.but then she remembered njoroge's words: 'the sun will rise tomorrow.' she agreed to see njoroge.it was late in the afternoon when they met. when njoroge saw mwihaki, he knew what she meant to him. she meant more to him than anything else in the world.'i have come,' were mwihaki's first words. tell me what you want to say.' and she turned away her face so that njoroge did not see her tears.'mwihaki,' he said. 'i have lost everything - my education, my faith and my family. you have always meant so much to me. i feel guilty. i feel i am to blame for what my people have done to you. i wanted to meet you and say that i am sorry.''you didn't warn me that my father was in danger.''i knew nothing. and now i know there will be no tomorrow. you are my only hope - i love you. but you have good reason to feel only hate for me.'he took her hand and now her tears flowed freely.'don't, don't...' said mwihaki.'mwihaki, i love you. save me. without you i am lost. let us go away from here - together!''no, no. you must save me. we cannot go away now. we must stay to build our country.''but we must go. kenya is no place for us.''we are no longer children. we must wait. the sun will rise tomorrow,' mwihaki told him.'all that was a dream,' he said. 'we can only live today.''but we both have our duty,' mwihaki said. 'i cannot leave my mother. let's wait for a new day.'mwihaki had won. she walked away. njoroge's last hope had gone. he fell to the ground crying, 'mwihaki, mwihaki!'on the following sunday, njoroge walked out alone into the fields. nyokabi watched him leave the hut. she wanted to stop him. she wanted to speak to him. but neither she nor njeri knew what to say to him.njoroge walked in a dream - a dream of fear and sadness. he thought of his dead father. he thought of boro, waiting to die. kamau was in prison for life and kori was somewhere in a detention camp.oh, god! but there was no god now, there was nothing. even his love, his last hope had left him.njoroge walked on, listening to the voice inside his head. go on. go on.and then, wait for the night...he had reached the place where he had said goodbye to mwihaki. he took the rope out of his pocket and laughed quietly. he waited for the darkness.and now night covered him.the rope was ready, hanging from the tree. as he took it in his hands, he heard a cry, 'njoroge!'njoroge only laughed and prepared himself for what he had to do.'njoroge!'the voice was clear. njoroge's heart beat faster. his mother was looking for him. he stood there for a moment and then his courage left him. he heard the loved voice again and now he could see a light. his mother came towards him, carrying a burning piece of wood to light the way.'mother, i am here.''njoroge.' she held him close. 'let's go home,' she said.njoroge followed her. he remembered the last words of his father - his father had asked him to look after the women.he remembered mwihaki's words. she had asked him to wait for a new day, but he had not.they met njeri who had also come to find him, in spite of the curfew laws. njoroge heard the voice in his head again.you are a coward. you have always been a coward. why didn't you do it?and njoroge repeated aloud, 'why didn't i do it?'the voice answered: 'because you are a coward.''yes,' he whispered to himself. 'i am a coward.'and he ran home and opened the door for his two mothers.