when he reached standard 4, njoroge began to learn english. he was now in the same class as mwihaki. their teacher was lucia, mwihaki's sister.the two children tried hard to learn english. it was important for them to learn english. but it was difficult and sometimes njoroge got confused.'i am standing up,' the teacher said. 'what am i doing?''you are standing up,' the class replied. lucia pointed her finger.'you, boy, what's your name?''njoroge.''stand up, njoroge. now, what are you doing?'njoroge was afraid of the watching, smiling faces.'you are standing up,' he said.'no, no. what are you doing?'njoroge answered again, 'you are standing up.' the teacher was really angry now. she told mwihaki to stand too.'mwihaki, what are you doing?''i am standing up.''good. now, njoroge. what is she doing?''i am standing up.'the pupils laughed quietly. but when the teacher asked them, they could not give the right answer.'look here, you lazy, stupid fools!' lucia shouted. 'we did all this yesterday. if you make just one mistake tomorrow, i'll beat you all!' but in the end, the children understood.after a while, when a teacher came into the class, they could speak to him in english.'good morning, children,' he said.'good morning, sir,' the children answered.one day, a white woman came to the school. the school was made clean and tidy. all the children were told what to say and do.njoroge had not been so near to a white woman before. the whiteness and softness of her skin surprised him.the class stood up, ready to greet her.'good morning, children.''good morning, sir.'lucia felt like crying. the children had forgotten everything she had told them.'i am a woman, so you must call me "madam",' the white woman explained. 'and it is after lunch now, so you must say "afternoon". do you understand?''yes, sir,' they all cried.'madam! madam! say madam!' lucia shouted at them.'good afternoon, madam.' but some of them still said, 'sir'.when the white woman had gone, lucia beat all the children and they were sorry. in this way, they learnt the difference between 'sir' and 'madam', and between 'morning' and 'afternoon'.njoroge found out later that the white woman, who was a missionary, was mr howlands' daughter. this surprised njoroge. the white settlers, like mr howlands, thought that they were better than the black men. but missionaries said that the black people were as good as white people.perhaps she's different from her father, njoroge thought.at about this time, kamau stopped working for nganga. he began to work as a carpenter in one of the african shops in the nearby village of kippanga. kamau didn't go to nairobi and this made njoroge happy. but njoroge was still afraid that one day kamau would go and join his brothers, kori and boro, in nairobi.the two brothers came home often, but they were changing. kamau did not change. he was still part of the family. if kamau left, the family would be broken.njoroge often went to kippanga to see his brother. the african shops in the village were miserable looking places. the work was hard and boring. the young men who worked in the shops looked sad and bored. the sight of these sad young men made njoroge work harder in school. education was the thing that would give him a different future. education was the key to a better life.books were njoroge's best friend. he read everything he could, but the bible was his favourite book. the bible, and the stories his mother told him, all seemed to say the same thing. if a man was good, god would reward him. bad things happened to bad men.njoroge remembered his brother saying that jomo was the black moses. njoroge thought he understood this now. if jomo was like moses, then black men were the chosen people of god.njoroge believed that the future of his family and his village depended on two things - his education and his belief in god.whenever he was with mwihaki, njoroge tried to tell her about these things. but he was not able to explain his ideas. he could not think of the right words. so njoroge kept his thoughts to himself. the tall, brown-skinned, clear-eyed boy walked alone in the fields and kept his ideas in his own heart.