it was the beginning of new year. njoroge had been at school for five years. he sat in the big classroom with mwihaki and all the other pupils. the class was waiting to hear whether they had passed their exams or not.the teacher came in with the list of names. njoroge wanted to hide under a desk. and then he heard his name. he was the first in the class. mwihaki had passed too. they would both be going to a new school.together they ran home, hand in hand. each wanted to tell their parents the good news. when they came near mwihaki's house, they stood together for a moment. then ran off along their different paths.mwihaki reached home first.'mother! mother!' she cried.but her mother looked at her coldly.'what is it?' she said. 'what has happened now?''nothing,' mwihaki whispered, 'only that i have passed.''is that all?' her mother said. then she cried out, 'a man will never listen to a woman! i told him not to go.''what has happened, mother?''what a question! i've always said your father will be murdered one day.''what, is he dead?' mwihaki burst out crying, but no one answered her.when njoroge reached home, the open place near the huts was full of people. some of them were looking towards his father's hut and others were turned towards the market-place. njoroge found his mother, nyokabi, in her hut. two village women were sitting with her and she was crying quietly. njoroge forgot his good news.had someone died?'what is it, mother?' he asked.'it's the strike,' the women told him.yes, it was the first day of the strike - the strike that was going to stop the whole country! and njoroge had forgotten. he ran to his brother kamau, who told him what had happened.a meeting had been held on the first day of the strike. many people had gone to it and ngotho had been one of them.speakers had come from nairobi, including a young man whom boro had brought to the village. boro was sitting on the platform with the young man and ngotho was proud to see him there.the young man got up to speak. he reminded them of the time when the land had belonged to the black people. africa was theirs because god had given it to them. then the white man had come and taken the land away from them.'how foolish our fathers were to believe them!' the young man cried. 'our fathers were taken away to fight in the first big war- the white man's war. and when our fathers came back their land had been given to the white men! was that fair? (no! no!) the black people were forced to work for them and pay taxes. where did their freedom go?'when the second big war came, then we were taken away to fight. black men died to save the british empire. was that fair? (no! no!) but we cried aloud to god and god heard us. he sent a man to us called jomo. he was our black moses. he told the white men: "let my people go!" 'the young man's voice was raised to a shout.'and that's why we are here today. all black men are brothers. together we must cry with one voice: "the time has come! let my people go! we want our land - now." 'ngotho listened, unhappy and confused. he could not shout, but he heard others shouting. for a few minutes, his eyes were full of tears and he could not see clearly. then he realized that the whole meeting was surrounded by policemen. they were standing quietly, with heavy sticks in their hands.the speaker went on. 'remember, this must be a peaceful strike. we must get more pay. but there must be no violence. if you are hit, don't hit back!'at that moment, a white police inspector got onto the platform. and with him - jacobo! why was jacobo standing next to a white man? then, when jacobo began to speak, ngotho understood.jacobo, the richest black man in all the land around, was speaking for the white people! he was telling everyone to go back to work. they listened in silence.as ngotho listened, something happened to him. not all black men were brothers, for here was jacobo - and he was a traitor.ngotho thought of all the long years of waiting and suffering. slowly, he began to move towards the platform. then he was standing right in front of jacobo. the two black men faced each other. the battle was now between these two - jacobo on the side of the white people and ngotho on the side of the black people.ngotho turned and in a terrible voice cried: 'arise!'the crowd moved forward. led on by ngotho's cry, they rushed towards jacobo. the police attacked with guns and tear-gas.ngotho ran about blindly in the crowd. his courage had gone and he was full of fear. a policeman hit him in the face, but he ran on. feeling the blood flow, he ran faster, stumbled and then fell.people from his village found him where he lay unconscious. they carried him home. ngotho was the hero of the hour.days later, people were still talking about jacobo and ngotho.'the old man is brave...''he is, to be sure. but why did he do it? he caused the death of two men.''ah, but he had to do something. who could listen to a black man saying these things?''jacobo is a traitor. you know how he got so rich.''yes! he sold us, his brothers, to the white man!''yes, yes,' several voices agreed.but one man shook his head sadly.'ngotho has only harmed himself,' he said. 'he has been told to leave jacobo's land.''leave jacobo's land? but ngotho was there before jacobo bought it! it is against the custom.'the men began to shout but then they saw a policeman coming towards them. they moved away quietly. it was clear now that the strike had failed. now ngotho found out who his friends were. nganga, the carpenter, gave him a place to build new huts. but new huts cost money and ngotho had no job.things became difficult for njoroge. fees were higher in his new school. mwihaki, jacobo's daughter, was sent to a boarding school far away. she would go on learning, but njoroge would have to stop.njoroge cried and he prayed to god. and god heard his prayers. kamau's wages were raised and he gave the money to njoroge. kori gave the rest of the money. njoroge was glad. he too would go on learning.