and now stories began to spread about the land, passed on by many voices. njoroge listened carefully to them all.many of these stories were about dedan kimathi, leader of the african freedom army. in the stories, kimathi was able to turn himself into any shape - a bird, an aeroplane or even a white policeman. the country was full of stories and rumours and they brought the people together.many things had changed. jacobo had been made a chief. he lived in fear of mau mau, the freedom boys of the forest. two policemen with guns always walked with him. sometimes he moved around with the new district officer, who was mr howlands.njoroge's family now lived in three rough huts on nganga's land. ngotho had no job; only kori and kamau brought money home.njoroge had been at his new school for two years. every day he walked five miles to school and five miles back. that is what education meant to him and to thousands of boys and girls all over kenya.it was dark when njoroge reached home that day. njoroge felt cold and hungry, but there was no smell of food being cooked.he heard voices from njeri's hut and went in. ngotho was there with the family and njoroge sat down without being told. as he looked around the dark hut, njoroge saw his brother, boro.'how is it with you, brother? we have not seen you here for a long time.''it is well, brother. how is school?''it's all well. i hope you left kori in peace.''oh, dear child, we all hope so,' his father said.'how can we hope?' njeri cried out. 'he and many others have been taken!''oh, if they should kill him!' boro cried out.at that moment, the door opened and kori staggered into the hut. his face was thin and he could hardly stand.'water! food!' he cried.when he was strong enough, he told his story.kori began. 'many, many young men have been imprisoned as terrorists,' kori began. 'you were lucky to escape, boro.''what about you? how did you...?''after you escaped,' kori answered, 'the police beat us and put us into trucks. i think they planned to kill us. so when the truck slowed down, i jumped out and escaped into the forest. they fired at me, but they didn't hit me. i got a lift in a lorry and somehow managed to get home.''why are these things happening to the black people?' njeri asked.'they want us weak before jomo gets out of prison. they are afraid because they know he will win his case.''so if jomo wins, will they let everyone out of prison?''of course. and then we will have freedom.'ngotho sat in the corner of the hut, saying nothing. since the strike, he had changed. boro had told his father that his attack on jacobo had spoilt everything. boro no longer respected his father. ngotho had lost his importance in the family.but there was one thing ngotho would not do. he would not take the mau mau oath from his son. ngotho was not against taking oaths. oaths drew people together. but how could any man take oath from his son? such a thing was against all custom and tradition.but mau mau was gaining supporters every day. they were the freedom boys of the forest. a boy at school had told njoroge about them.'mau mau is a secret tribe which you join by "drinking oath". then you become a soldier with kimathi as your leader.''not jomo?''no. jomo leads the k.a.u. but they both fight for the freedom of black people.''i hear they kill white settlers.''yes. and they kill black people who are traitors to their country. they fight in the forest for the black people.''ah, that is a fine thing to do!'ngotho lived in fear for his family, which was a family no longer. and ngotho knew that one day jacobo would punish him. he no longer hoped that he would get his land back. the land of his fathers was lost for ever. what had he to hope for in his old age? would his youngest son njoroge save them? that was his only hope. but did njoroge understand what was happening? did anyone understand?that night, kori came and brought them more bad news. jomo had been tried by the white men and he had lost his case. jomo, who had gone across the sea, been educated, but who stood for custom and tradition, had failed.the men were silent and njeri, a woman, spoke for them all.'the white man made the laws. he made the laws that took the land away from us. he did not ask for our agreement, as in the old days of the tribe. now our leader, jomo, tries to fight for us. but he is taken by the white man and tried under his laws. of course he cannot win...'and njeri began to cry. njoroge had never heard her speak for such a long time.then boro said, 'white people stand together and this makes them strong. but we black people are divided against each other. now jomo is in prison, we will become the white men's slaves. they made us fight in their wars. they took away our traditions...'boro stood up and his voice became a shout.'we must never give in. never! never! black people must rise up and fight!'njoroge's eyes opened wide. njeri turned her eyes towards the door in fear. kenya was now a land where everyone was afraid.