siriana secondary school was one of the best schools in the country. for the first time, njoroge was taught by white men.they were friendly and helpful and at first this confused him.the school was a place of peace. boys from many tribes became friends and worked together. njoroge worked hard. his trust in god grew stronger every day. the school often played games with boys from other schools. one day, the hill school, which was for european boys, sent a football team to play a match.one of the boys was tall, with long, brown hair. njoroge was sure he had seen him before, near home. the boy looked at njoroge and said, 'i remember you. you are the son of ngotho who...' the boy stopped and then added, 'my name is stephen - stephen howlands.''i am njoroge.'they walked together in silence. then njoroge said, 'i used to see you when we were little boys. i was afraid of you then.'stephen smiled.'yes, i was afraid of you too. people fear each other because they have been taught to fear each other. that's bad, but we can't get away from it.''the land is dark now,' njoroge said. 'but the future will be different.''i'm going away soon,' stephen went on. 'i'm going to england.''of course, england's your home.''no it isn't,' stephen answered quickly. 'i was born here. i have never been to england and i don't want to go there now.'njoroge felt sorry for the white boy. at least he, njoroge, could stay in kenya. that was his home.'father is staying here,' stephen added. 'but somehow i feel i'll never come back. i'll never see my father again.'the boys stood in silence. njoroge did not want to think about mr howlands.'let's watch the game,' njoroge said at last. but when they reached the football field, the two boys walked off in different directions. once more, they seemed afraid to talk to each other.one cold morning, in njoroge's third term at siriana, he got up as usual and said his prayers. his first class was english. he felt very happy and laughed and talked with his friends.'my mother tells me that a man should not be too happy in the morning,' one boy said. 'it's a bad omen. something bad is sure to happen.'njoroge did not want to believe this. but he had been having bad dreams all the week. he decided he would write to mwihaki that night.then the lesson began and njoroge forgot his troubles. he was answering a question when the headmaster came in and called him out of the class.njoroge's heart began to beat fast. he saw a black police car. two police officers were standing in the headmaster's room. the headmaster made them wait outside his room and told njoroge to sit down.'i'm sorry to hear this news about your family,' the headmaster said. 'it's a bad business and you are wanted at home. remember that whatever your family has made you do, god will look after you. i know you will not forget our teaching.'njoroge went to the police car, confused and unhappy. the police did not take him home, but to the homeguard post known as the house of pain.the following day, he was questioned by two european officers.'what's your name?... how old are you?''have you taken the oath?''no!''say "sir",' shouted one of the guards.'no, sir.''how many oaths have you taken?''none, sir.''how many oaths have you taken?'one of the men moved swiftly. he hit njoroge hard and for a moment everything went dark.'have you taken the oath?''no oaths, sir, none. i am a schoolboy.'another blow and another. tears rolled down njoroge's face. he remembered the peace and calm of the school. it was lost for ever.'do you know boro?''he's my brother...''where is he?''i... don't... know...'the officer hit him again. then njoroge was on the floor.'bloody mau mau!' one of the men shouted.'take him out!'njoroge was carried out by the two homeguards at the door. he was senseless. he was covered with blood where heavy boots had kicked him.he woke up in the middle of the night. a woman was screaming in another hut. could it be njeri or nyokabi?njoroge was taken back to the room the next day. his body was bruised and covered with blood.'have you taken the oath?' the men asked.njoroge did not know what to say. if he told a lie, would they stop hitting him?this time, mr howlands was there and he asked questions too.'tell the truth. if you tell the truth, we will let you go.'but still njoroge whispered, 'no...''who murdered jacobo?'njoroge began to shake.'jacobo murdered? by whom?''you tell us that,' mr howlands said.'me, sir? but...''yes, you tell us.'mr howlands moved nearer to njoroge. he had a pair of pincers in his hand.'i'll show you,' he said. 'you'll be castrated, like your father.'mr howlands began to press with the pincers and njoroge screamed with pain.'tell us. who told you to go to jacobo's house to get information?'but njoroge could not hear. the pain was so bad. mr howlands went on asking his questions and every time he pressed harder with the pincers.'your father says he murdered jacobo.'njoroge screamed and screamed. then suddenly he fell to the ground.mr howlands looked down at the boy he had tortured. as he walked out, the two white officers looked at each other and laughed aloud. njoroge was not hurt again. in a few days, he was well. then he and his two mothers were allowed to go home.now njoroge's mind was full of fear. his family was breaking up and he could not stop it. he thought of mwihaki and he felt guilty. he was to blame. he felt that he had caused all this trouble by being her friend. njoroge hated the dead chief jacobo even more. he cried with fear, but he did not pray.