12. walter hartright's narrative continuedat the inquest the next day, the parish clerk said that the key to the vestry had gone missing just before the fire. perhaps somebody had stolen it. nobody could understand why sir percival had been in the vestry. the inquest concluded that sir percival's death was an accident. he had probably taken a candle with him into the vestry, because by then it was dark. the vestry was full of dry papers. somehow they had caught fire, and sir percival could not get to the door.i did not tell them what i knew. i had no proof now of the forgery in the register because the register was burnt. feeling depressed, i returned to my hotel. there i found two letters for me. one was from marian:dear walter,please return to london. we have moved to a new house. do not worry - we are safe - but come back quickly. our new address is 5 gower's walk.your friend,mariani put the other letter in my pocket and ran to the station to get the first train to london. on the train, i opened the other letter. it was from mrs catherick.13. mrs jane cathericks narrativesir,i have heard the news of a certain gentleman's death. i also heard that you were foolish enough to try to save him. even so, your investigations were the cause of his death, and i thank you for that. to show you how thankful i am, i will tell you what you want to know: that gentleman's secret and mine. i will not sign this letter, and i will not name the gentleman in question - let's just call him sir p...twenty-three years ago, sir p admired me. i was married to a parish clerk who was a fool with no money. before i married him, i had worked for major donthorne of varneck hall, and i had seen how rich ladies lived. i liked beautiful things, and sir p gave me beautiful presents. what did he want in exchange for the presents? only the key to the vestry. i gave it to him.my daughter anne was born three months later. my foolish husband found the presents hidden in my room. he told everyone in the village that sir p had been my lover and that anne was sir p's child. then he left me. he was wrong, of course. i had only known sir p for four months.i went to sir p and asked him to tell the villagers that my husband was wrong. he laughed at me. he then told me what he had done to the register and he explained what the law does to people who commit that crime. 'by giving me the key to the vestry, you became my partner in the forgery,' he said. 'if the police find out, they'll put you in prison for years!'then he said, 'you've been very helpful to me, so now i'll help you. i'll send you money every month on two conditions: you must keep the secret and never tell anyone, in your own interest as well as mine; and you must never leave the village.'he knew that none of the village women spoke to me because 6 they thought i had lost my virtue. he knew his secret was now safe, so he explained it all to me. his mother was already married when his father - sir f - met her. she had married in ireland but returned to her parents in hampshire when her husband treated her badly. no one in hampshire knew anything about her marriage, so when sir f said that he had married her, no one suspected anything. sir f told sir p the truth when he was dying. as soon as sir f was dead, sir p claimed the title, blackwater park, and the land. no one suspected that he wasn't the legitimate heir. but then he got into debt, and in order to borrow money he had to show a birth certificate and a certificate of his parents' marriage. that is when he came to me.how i hated him! he forced me to stay here in this village, where they all talked about me but no one spoke to me! finally, now, after all these years, i have earned their respect. the vicar says hello to me! but back then, when anne was a child, my life was very hard. sir p sometimes let me go away for a short while. he let me go to limmeridge for a few weeks once. mrs fairlie of limmeridge house liked anne. that made me laugh. mrs fairlie was a foolish ugly woman who had somehow managed to marry one of the most handsome men in england.another time i wrote to sir p to ask if i could go away for a few weeks. his reply was very rude. as i read it i became so angry that i insulted him out loud in front of anne - i said he was a miserable impostor. the next day he came to my house to say that he had changed his mind. anne was in the room, and he told her to leave rather rudely. anne turned to him and said, 'you're a miserable impostor.' she had no idea what it meant - she was just repeating my words - but sir p was terrified. he was sure that she knew his secret, so he put her in the asylum. i did not object: i have never loved my daughter.14. walter hartrights narrativewhen i got to our new house, marian and laura were waiting for me. marian had told laura that we had moved to a new house because it was in a nicer part of london. when laura had gone to bed, i asked marian, 'what's the real reason?''count fosco,' said marian. 'yesterday, i looked out of the window in our old house, and i saw the count standing outside with the doctor from the asylum! then they went away. later the count came back alone. when i saw him, i told laura that i was going for a walk, and went out to him. he said he'd come for two reasons: first, to express his feelings for me (i refused to listen to them) and secondly, to repeat the warning in his letter. he told me that percival was dead, and that you were investigating percival's secret when he died. the count had contacted the asylum doctor and said he knew where anne catherick was. but, when he and the doctor were outside the house, the count changed his mind and sent the doctor away, saying that he'd been mistaken.''why?''it's embarrassing, walter, but i must tell you: he changed his mind because of me. the one weak point in that man's iron character is the admiration he feels for me. he said, "tell mr hartright to stay away from me! if i must put your pretty sister back in the asylum to stop mr hartright from investigating me, i shall do so. but i prefer not to, because i don't want to cause you pain, miss halcombe." as soon as he left, i decided to take this new house.'the next day we told laura that her husband was dead and that her marriage, the greatest error of her life, was over.