11. walter hartright's narrativeon 13 october 1850, i returned to england. i still loved laura, but i knew i had to live without her. first i went to my mother's house. when she met me she told me - very gently - that my love was dead.in the deepest misery, i went to limmeridge to see her grave. the countryside and the sea reminded me of the happy months we had spent together. i went to mrs fairlie's grave. there was a new inscription written on it: 'here lies laura, lady glyde...' in the near distance i saw two women with veils over their faces. when they saw me, one lifted up her veil. it was miss halcombe, her face sadly changed by suffering and sadness. the other woman walked towards me. i looked at her closely. she stopped in front of me and lifted up her veil. standing before me - beside her own grave - was laura, lady glyde!***i cannot describe my feelings of shock and joy at that moment. miss halcombe said, 'walter, we must all go to london immediately! we're probably being followed!'on the train miss halcombe told me everything that had happened since she last wrote to me.'when i woke up from my illness,' she said, 'i found myself in a strange room. mrs michelson told me that laura had gone to london, where she'd become ill and died! this terrible news made me ill again, and i was unable to leave that house for another three weeks. then i went to london to see mr gilmore's partner, mr kyrle. i told him i was suspicious about the circumstances of laura's death. mr kyrle investigated and told me that he saw nothing suspicious. i then went to limmeridge and saw my uncle. he told me that count fosco had accompanied the body from london and had gone to the funeral (which my uncle himself had been too ill to go to). the count had left a letter for my uncle, telling him that anne catherick was back in the asylum, but she now believed that she was lady glyde! i left limmeridge and went to the asylum. i explained who i was and asked to see anne. imagine my feelings, walter, when i saw my dear sister there in the asylum, and that everyone believed she was anne catherick! i gave the nurse one hundred pounds to help laura escape. we came to limmeridge and explained everything to my uncle, but he said that i was a fool. he doesn't recognise his own niece! he's sure that she's anne catherick!'laura had certainly changed. her face was pale and thin, and her long suffering in the asylum had affected her mind, so that her expression was vague and her memory confused. now the similarity between laura and anne catherick was stronger than ever. because of our great love for her, miss halcombe and i had recognised her immediately, but the count's letter had influenced mr fairlie, and even the servants at limmeridge house had not recognised her.***i found two apartments in the same house in london. i took one, using a false name, and marian and laura lived in the other under the same name; i said they were my sisters. i spent my days drawing and selling my work at nearby shops. marian cooked and cleaned for us. my one hope now was to prove laura's identity, but mr kyrle, having heard the whole story, said that it would be impossible. when i left his office, he gave me a letter to give to marian. in the street, i noticed two men following me. i got in a cab and escaped from them.at home, i gave the letter to marian. it was from count fosco.this was the letter:i write, magnificent marian, to console you. fear nothing! no one will follow you or your lovely companion if you leave us in peace. if mr hartright returns to england, do not contact him. be happy, dear lady, with what you have.