4. marian halcombe's narrative (extracts from her diary)limmeridge house, cumberland 8 novemberthe date of the wedding is the twenty-second of december of this year. the married couple will go to italy for the winter months. when they return - with sir percival's friend count fosco and his wife (laura's aunt eleanor) - will go to live with them in hampshire. laura asked sir percival if i could, and he very kindly agreed. sir percival has noticed that laura seems unhappy in his company. this morning he spoke to me, and this afternoon i told laura what he had said: 'he was very generous. he said that if you want to break your engagement, you can.''i can never break my engagement,' said laura. 'it was my father's dying wish that i marry sir percival. but i can tell him that i love someone else. then, perhaps, he'll break the engagement himself.'suddenly she seemed the stronger sister: she would not change her mind. after dinner, laura explained to sir percival that she loved someone else. she told him he was free to break the engagement.'after what you've just said, i want to marry you more than ever,' said sir percival. 'you've been so honest that i value you even more than i did before.'laura's eyes filled with tears. 'if you insist on our marriage, i'll be your faithful wife,' she said, 'but i'll never love you!''i'll be satisfied with that,' he said gently, and left the room.after he had gone, laura gave me a book of drawings that mr hartright had given her. 'marian, you must keep it now,' she said. 'if i die, please tell walter that i loved him!' then she put her head on my shoulder and burst into tears.sir percival is a good-looking, charming and friendly man. his actions towards anne catherick and her mother have been generous. i cannot even blame him for not breaking his engagement this evening. sir percival is certainly an admirable man - and yet, in three words, i hate him!28 novemberour dear friend walter has gone to central america. he wrote to me, asking me to use my contacts to find him a job in a distant country. i knew of a scientific expedition to honduras.they needed someone to draw the plants and animals they found there. i recommended walter, and now he has gone.22 decemberthey are married! my dear sister has gone! i am crying so much i cannot write anymore.[six months later]blackwater park, hampshire15 june 1850six lonely months have passed, and i am with dear laura once more, but we now live at blackwater park, sir percival's house in hampshire. it is a big old house, surrounded by trees. i find it dark and depressing. i arrived here a few days ago. sir percival, laura, count fosco, and madame fosco arrived yesterday.laura has changed in the last six months. i noticed it in her letters, and now i see it in her face. that honest, open look has gone. there are things now that she will not discuss with me - her husband, her married life - but before we kept no secrets from each other.sir percival has changed too. at limmeridge, he was always friendly, but when he saw me yesterday he was cold. his manner, towards laura has changed: he does not look at her with tender interest anymore.madame fosco is different from the eleanor fairlie i once knew. eleanor fairlie was an irritating woman who talked too much and wore expensive clothes. now she dresses very simply and sits silently, rolling cigarettes for her husband.and her husband? what can i say of count fosco? he has certainly tamed his wife, and he looks like a man who could tame a tiger. he interests and attracts me; he forces me to like him. he is enormously fat, and his face looks like napoleon's. he has intelligent grey eyes; when i look into them, i feel things that i do not want to feel. he speaks english fluently with no accent. he tells me that he left italy a long time ago, for political reasons.the count has been sir percival's friend for years. they first met in rome. percival was attacked by thieves, and count fosco saved his life. the count's influence over percival is much stronger than laura's. i have never before met a man like count fosco. i am very glad he is not my enemy, but is this because i like him or because i am afraid of him?16 junethis morning sir percival's lawyer came to see him. as i was walking to my room, i heard them talking.'don't worry,' said the lawyer. 'if your wife signs the document, everything will be all right. if not - ''of course she'll sign the document,' said sir percival angrily.i went to laura's room and told her what i had heard. 'i know that percival has debts,' she said, 'but i won't sign anythin without reading it first.'after lunch, sir percival said, 'will you sign this, laura? it's just a formality. miss halcombe and count fosco, will you be our witnesses?'he folded the document and placed it on the desk with his hand resting on the folded part. the only part of the document that was visible was the line for her signature and the lines for the signatures of the two witnesses. 'sign your name here,' he said.'what is the document about?' asked laura.'i've no time to explain,' said sir percival. 'a carriage is waiting for me outside. i have to go away on urgent business. come on. sign it.''i can't sign it unless i've read it. mr gilmore always asked me to read documents before i signed them.''gilmore was your servant, i'm your husband. don't you trust me?' cried sir percival angrily.'it's not fair to say i don't trust you,' said laura. 'ask marian if she thinks i should read the document first.''it's none of miss halcombe's business!' said sir percival.'excuse me,' i said, 'but, as a witness to the signature, it is my business. laura's objection seems to be fair to me. i can't be a witness unless laura understands what she's signing.''what disrespect!' cried sir percival. 'you're just a guest in this house!'i wanted to hit him, but i was only a woman, and i loved his wife so dearly!'percival!' said the count. 'remember you are in the company of ladies!' they looked at each other, and sir percival was the first to look away. those cool grey eyes had tamed him.'i don't want to offend anybody,' he said. 'just sign the document, will you?''i'll happily sign when i know what's in it,' said laura. 'i'll make any sacrifice, so long as it's honest. i simply think it's wrong to sign a document i haven't read.''who said anything about sacrifice?' cried sir percival, furious again. 'and it's strange to hear you talk of right and wrong; a woman who had a passion for her drawing teacher!'laura looked at him coldly then turned her back on him. when i left my chair to go to her, i heard the count whisper to sir percival, 'you idiot!'laura walked towards the door, and i followed her.'one moment!' said the count.laura continued walking, but i whispered to her, 'stop! don't make an enemy of the count!' we stopped and waited.'percival,' said the count. 'can it be signed tomorrow?''yes, i suppose it can.''then let's wait until tomorrow.''all right,' said sir percival. he left the room, went straight to his carriage, and drove away.