5. marian halcombes narrative continuedlater on that afternoon, i went for a walk with laura.'i can tell you everything now, marian,' she said. 'after what percival said to me this morning, i don't feel any obligation to him. at first, just after we were married, i tried not to think of walter. i tried to be a good wife, but percival was so cruel! one day in rome, a lady called mrs markland came to visit us. she started talking about drawing. i tried to change the subject, but she went on. she said that her favourite drawing teacher was mr hartright. i looked away from her and saw my husband looking at me closely. i suppose my face gave away my secret. later, when we were alone, he told me he had only married me for my money. after that, i thought about walter often, especially on the nights when percival left me alone and went to parties with the people from the opera house.'i remembered my conversation with walter that day in the garden with horror. i had placed myself between those two young lovers! it was all my fault! now walter is thousands of miles away in a foreign country. his heart is broken, and so is laura's! i did this, and i did it for sir percival glyde!18 junesir percival returned yesterday just before lunch. the count took him for a walk in the garden. later, the count came to me and said, 'miss halcombe, sir percival has changed his mind. he won't ask lady glyde to sign anything today.'i told laura the good news, then she went for a walk alone by the lake, and i went to my room. an hour later, she came to my room looking agitated.'marian!' she said. 'i just met anne catherick by the lake! she looked ill and talked to me strangely. marian, she looks like a paler, thinner version of myself! she says that she's dying. she spoke of how kind mother had been to her and said that she wanted to die and be buried beside mother. then she spoke of percival. how she hates him! she said that her mother had told her a secret - percival's secret - and when he discovered that anne knew it, he put her in the asylum.-'then she suddenly stopped speaking and listened.'did you hear anything?' she asked me. i'd heard nothing. then she said, 'someone is nearby. it's not safe to talk. meet me here again tomorrow at the same time,' and she ran away.after lunch today, laura went down to the lake alone again. she waited in the same place. after some time, she noticed that someone had written the word 'look' on the ground with a stick. she dug in the earth under the word and found a piece of paper. on it, anne catherick had written this:i was seen with you yesterday by a fat old man. when i ran away, he followed me, but i ran faster than he could. i am afraid to come back this afternoon, so i am leaving you this note at six in the morning. when we speak of your husband's secret, we must be in a safe place, where no one can hear us.a. c.as laura was reading anne's note, she heard footsteps behind her. there was sir percival, looking furious. 'what did anne catherick tell you?' he cried. 'it's no use lying to me. i know you spoke to her yesterday.' laura told him everything, but he did not believe her. he was certain that she knew the secret. he held her arm so tightly that he left dark bruises on her white skin. she showed then to me later, and that made me want to kill him.he took her back to the house and shut her in her room. 'you'll stay there until you tell the truth!' he cried. when i went to see her, i found the room was locked. laura told me what had happened through the door. i went to the drawing-room. there sir percival, the count and madame fosco were speaking quietly. i walked up to percival and said, 'you can't keep your wife as a prisoner in her own house! there are laws in england to protect women from cruelty and injustice!''i'll lock you up too, if you threaten me,' he replied.i felt the count's cool grey eyes on my face. then he turned from me and nodded to his wife. she came to my side and said, 'sir percival, i must leave. i can't stay in a house where women are treated like this.'sir percival looked shocked. the count took his wife's arm and said, 'she is simply wonderful! i'm at your service, eleanor. and at miss halcombe's service too.''damn it! what do you mean?' cried sir percival.'i mean i agree with my wife.''all right! do what you want!' said sir percival, and he left the room.'we've won,' said the count. 'lady glyde will be released from her room.' then, turning to me, he added, 'let me express my sincere admiration for your courage.'i went to laura's room and found the door unlocked. 'laura, dear,' i said. 'the count persuaded percival to unlock your door.''don't speak of the count!' cried laura. 'the count is a spy!'just then there was a knock at the door. i opened it and found madame fosco there, holding my handkerchief. 'you dropped this downstairs,' she said. her face was pale, her hand was trembling, and her eyes looked at laura with hatred. i realised that she was listening at the door a moment ago.when she was gone, i said, 'oh, laura! you shouldn't have called the count a spy!'when i left laura's room and went downstairs, i saw madame fosco alone in the drawing-room. she had never liked laura. laura's father (her brother) had been angry with her for marrying an italian. she had no money of her own and had to rely on her brother's generosity, but he wasn't generous. and then, instead of leaving ten thousand pounds to his sister directly, he left the money to laura. madame fosco would only inherit the money if laura died before she did. however, since madame fosco was forty-three and laura was twenty-one, that was unlikely. because of this, madame fosco had always disliked laura. now she had a new reason to dislike her.'countess,' i began. 'i'm afraid that when you so kindly brought my handkerchief to me you probably heard laura say something very offensive. i hope you didn't tell the count.''there are no secrets between my husband and me,' she said. 'he saw that i was upset, and i told him why.''i hope that you and the count will understand that laura wasn't herself when she spoke those words. i hope you can both forgive her.''certainly!' said the count's voice behind me. 'i've already forgiven lady glyde.''you're very kind,' i replied.'let's forget about it,' he said, then he took my hand and put it to his lips. i tried to hide my disgust behind a false smile.