2. walter hartrights narrative continuedthe days and weeks at limmeridge house passed so quickly! what a happy time that was! i spent every day in the company of two excellent ladies. marian halcombe became my good friend and laura fairlie was my secret love. the touch of her fingers or the sweet smell of her hair made my heart beat fast. a drawing teacher must spend his life in the company of beautiful women who can never be his. i had always known this, and i had never before felt anything more than a teacher's interest in my students. but with laura it was different.one day, when i had been at limmeridge for three months, miss halcombe asked me to walk with her in the garden. 'i know your secret,' she said. 'you're in love with my sister. i don't blame you; i feel sorry for you, because your love is hopeless. i know you haven't told laura that you love her. you've behaved honourably. take my hand. what i'm about to say will hurt you, but it must be done.'her sudden kindness and sympathy was too much for me. my eyes filled with tears. 'you must leave limmeridge at once,' she said. 'it's not because you're only a drawing teacher but because laura's already engaged to be married. her future husband is coming to stay next monday. she's never loved him. he was chosen by her father just before he died. until you came here, laura was like hundreds of other women who marry without being attracted to their husbands. they learn to love them (if they don't learn to hate them!) after they're married. tell mr fairlie that your sister's ill, and that you must return to london. go before sir percival glyde arrives.''sir percival glyde?''yes, laura's future husband. he has a large property in hampshire.''hampshire!' i cried. 'anne catherick spoke to me of an aristocrat from hampshire who'd caused her suffering. but it can't be the same man! i must be going mad! ever since i saw the similarity between miss fairlie and the woman in white, i've connected them in my mind. the lord knows, i don't want to do so! i don't want that sad woman to be connected in any way with miss fairlie. will you please ask sir percival glyde if he knows anne catherick?'miss halcombe looked surprised. 'i've never heard anything bad about sir percival., she said. 'but yes! i'll ask our lawyer, mr gilmore, to ask sir percival about it.'the next day, i returned to london. my narrative ends here, at the end of the happiest period in my life.3. vincent gilmores narrativei, vincent gilmore, am laura fairlie's lawyer. i arrived at limmeridge house on the second of november. i had dinner with miss halcombe, miss fairlie, and mr hartright, their drawing teacher. they all seemed sad. the next morning, mr hartright left for london.after lunch, miss halcombe told me about mr hartright's adventure on hampstead heath and her mother's letter describing anne catherick. she explained mr hartright's concern that sir percival glyde might be the aristocrat the woman in white had talked about. she also showed me an anonymous letter that her sister had received that morning:dear miss fairlie,i hear that you are going to marry sir percival glyde. do not do it! he is an evil man. please believe me. your mother was very kind to me, so you and your happiness are important to me.i made a copy of the letter and sent it to sir percival's lawyer, asking for an explanation. on monday, sir percival arrived at limmeridge house. he is a charming man of about forty-five years old. he treated miss halcombe like an old friend, was polite and friendly to me, and treated miss fairlie with tenderness and respect. he was obviously concerned about her pale face and sad expression. miss fairlie seemed to be uncomfortable in his company and left us soon after dinner. sir percival then turned to miss halcombe and said, 'my lawyer sent me the copy of that letter. i'm not surprised that it made you worry, but i can explain everything.'his manner was open and honest. he told us that mrs catherick, anne's mother, had been a servant in his family for many years before leaving to get married. years later, sir percival heard that her husband had abandoned her and her daughter was mentally disturbed. he wanted to do something to help the poor woman. mrs catherick told him that she wanted to put anne in a private asylum, but she did not have enough money. sir percival offered to pay. years later, when anne discovered this, she considered him responsible and developed a passionate hatred for him.this explanation seemed satisfactory to me, but miss halcombe still looked concerned.'please, miss halcombe,' said sir percival, 'write to mrs catherick and ask her to confirm my explanation.'miss halcombe wrote a brief letter, sir percival wrote the address on the envelope, and a servant posted it.two days later, miss halcombe received a reply:madam,my daughter was put into a private asylum with my knowledge and approval. sir percival glyde very kindly paid for the asylum, and i thank him for that.yours truly,jane catherick (anne's mother)on my last day at limmeridge house, i talked to miss fairlie, explaining the details of her father's will. 'next march, on your twenty-first birthday, you'll inherit thirty thousand pounds. if you die before your aunt eleanor - madame fosco - she'll inherit ten thousand pounds of that money. you must now write a will saying who you wish to leave the other twenty thousand pounds to when you die.''can i leave it to marian?' asked miss fairlie.'all of it? is there no one else you wish to include in your will?''yes, there is someone,' she said in a trembling voice, and she burst into tears.'don't cry, my dear,' i said. 'we'll discuss the details another time, when you're feeling better.'i returned to london and wrote laura fairlie's marriage settlement. her father had been my good friend, and his daughter was like a daughter to me. i wanted to make the best marriage settlement i could in order to protect her interests, if laura fairlie dies, i wrote, 'the twenty thousand pounds will be left according to her will.' that evening, i sent the settlement to sir percival's lawyer.the next day, it was returned to me. in the margin, by my statement about the twenty thousand pounds, the lawyer had written, 'no - if laura fairlie dies, sir percival will inherit the twenty thousand pounds.i knew that sir percival had many debts. this worried me, so i wrote to mr frederick fairlie and explained the situation. i told him not to sign the settlement unless the part about the twenty thousand pounds remained as i had first written it. the next day i received his reply:my dear gilmore,i am too ill to argue with sir percival. please agree to whatever changes he wants to make in the marriage settlement.yours truly,frederick fairliethis letter made me very angry. the man was too lazy to look after the interests of his own niece! i went to limmeridge the next day and told him that no one should sign a marriage settlement like this - it gave the husband a large financial interest in the death of his wife! but mr fairlie did not want to listen. he closed his eyes and asked me to leave him in peace.