it was only 9.30 but there were already a lot of people inside the library; some were looking for a bestseller on the bookshelves, others were reading the newspapers or books in the study area and a few were using the photocopying machine and the computers. a man was reading the messages on a big notice-board. a mother and her child were going upstairs to the children's section.a librarian was pushing a trolley of books. it was very quiet.in the library anyone who had to speak, spoke quietly. the librarians were there to help anyone who had a problem.this was the scene when bill and ben, the two security guards from the bank, arrived to investigate. they walked to the desk where a librarian was helping an old lady."we believe that a criminal has sent an e-mail message from a computer in this library and we want to see the list of people who have used the internet this morning," said bill.the librarian calmly replied, "i'm sorry but i'm busy now. if you would like to wait, i'll be happy to help you as soon as i can."ben was not a patient man. "i don't think you understand, madam. we are here to arrest a criminal and we want to do it now!" he shouted.the old lady, who was in front of ben, was angry and she hit both guards with her handbag. "hey, i was here first! you are very rude men!" she said. the librarian tried to calm everyone down. she said to the men, "please don't shout. this is a library. i'm afraid we can only give information about the people who use our library to the police. are you policemen?" bill replied, "no, we're security guards from the bank on london road and we..."the librarian interrupted him, "then i can't help you. now, will you please leave the library?" but the men didn't want to leave. bill had an idea. "hey, ben, maybe the hacker is still using the computer. let's go and see."they ran to the computer area and began to question the four people who were using the computers. now everyone in the library, including the librarians, came to watch.the guards were shouting and the people at the computers were frightened.mr page, the head librarian, came out of his office to see why there was all this noise in his usually quiet library. the scene he saw shocked him. he walked to the computer area and demanded to know what was happening.about twenty people answered him at the same time so it was impossible to understand. but he soon realized that the two men dressed in blue uniforms were causing the problem and were disturbing everyone.he shouted, "you two, get out of my library now!" and with the help of some people in the library, he pushed them to the door and then out of the library and into the street."and don't come back!" yelled the old lady, furiously. all the people in the library were talking about what had just happened.nobody noticed a man who was hiding behind the shelves. he was laughing...