"sam gib," said mr williams. "i don't believe it. but why does he hate me?""maybe because you sacked him two weeks ago," suggested belinda. robbie asked, "who's sam gib?" mr williams explained, "he used to work here at the bank. in the beginning he was a good bank teller. then he started to arrive late for work every day. instead of working he used to surf the net and log on to chat rooms. he spent hours talking to people all over the world. so i sacked him. but wait a minute. if he left two weeks ago, how did he know the new computer passwords?"belinda had the answer to his question."he came back to the bank a few days ago to empty his desk. i think you were in a meeting. i remember that he went to mike's office and stayed there for a long time. i thought he was talking to mike, but now i think about it mike wasn't there all the time. anyway, mr williams, you're a hero. you've saved the bank!""yes, and there are only two minutes left. look, it's 9.13," said joe.they all looked at the computer screen. suddenly robbie said, "dad, did you remember to click on the 'send' icon to return the message to the hacker, i mean, sam gib?""oh, no! quickly, click, click before it's too late!" shouted mr williams. four hands tried to operate the mouse but in the confusion it fell on the floor. finally robbie picked up the mouse, clicked and the message disappeared. for a moment nobody spoke. then they all began laughing and hugging each another."we've won! we've won, you've won, dad," said robbie while joe hugged belinda again. mr williams went downstairs to give the good news to the staff, who also laughed and applauded their boss. when mr williams returned to his office he picked up the phone."now i can call the police and tell them everything and they can go to sam's house and arrest him." but before he could do it, another e-mail arrived.hello henrynow you know who i am. congratulations!did you enjoy playing my game?when you sacked me i wanted my revenge so i sent the virus that infected the bank's computers. but it wasn't enough. you installed a new computer system so i came to visit mike and saw the new passwords on his desk. it was so easy. you really need to improve security at the bank. maybe i can help you?but henry, i still have a surprise for you...this time mr williams went white."oh please no! not another puzzle!" he cried.i think i need a holiday. as you booked your holiday to the caribbean on the net, i changed the address and the tickets arrived at my house instead of your house yesterday. i also changed the date of the holiday and i'm leaving at 10.00 today. i'm sending this message from the airport on my new laptop. to show you that i am a kind person, i have returned all the money to your bank account.thanks for the holiday. maybe we can play another game when i come back...