at about six o'clock i went downstairs. mr blakemore had just arrived. charlotte was taking his suitcase. he was a good-looking man of about fifty, with white hair. his face was tired and worried.'come into my study,' he said to miss vixon. 'and tell me all about it.'i went to the kitchen, because i wanted a sandwich. bernard was pouring away a bottle of milk.'bernard!' i said. 'what are you doing? the inspector doesn't want us to throw anything away.'he turned round. 'are you suggesting that i poisoned her? what about you? it's strange, isn't it? you arrive here and the next day mrs blakemore is murdered.''don't be silly,' i said. 'i don't have a motive.'suddenly, stella vixon rushed in. 'nurse harrison! quick! can you come and see mr blakemore?'when i reached his study, he was walking up and down.'sit down, mr blakemore,' i said. 'here, let me pour a drink for you.''i want to be with her.' he was crying quietly. 'why can't i be with her?''i'm sorry,' i said. 'they took your wife's body away.' he put his hands over his face.then charlotte appeared at the door.'it's the police,' she whispered. 'they're here again.'they only spoke to mr blakemore that night. but the next day they returned and questioned everybody. then the following day, a lawyer came to read the will. doctor spencer and reverend palmer arrived to hear it with the others. i was not invited, so i spent the morning in my bedroom. nothing was certain yet. but i felt sure she had been murdered. there were three questions: who? how? why? i made a list and tried to work it out.1 was it her nephew, the reverend john palmer, with his boxes of chocolates murder her for the money to repair the village church?2 was it doctor spencer, with his medicines and injections? did he think that she would leave him some money?3 was it bernard, the cook? did he poison her rood? why did he hate mrs blakemore much?4 was it charlotte, the maid? did she put something into mrs blakemore's food? does she think that mr blakemore will marry her now?5 was it stella vixon, the housekeeper? did she poison die hot milk? why does she seem so strange?