early next morning, the thief was dressing. he looked out of his window and noticed a large crowd of boys in the street below. some of them were playing football in princess square. the others were standing there, talking.'the schools are probably closed today,' he thought.at the same time, the captain was having a meeting in the courtyard at the back of the cinema. there were more boys than before and he was very angry again.'i didn't want you to tell anyone about our plan,' he shouted. 'and what do you do? you bring a lot of boys that we don't know. our plan was a secret. it isn't now.''don't be angry, captain,' said gerald. 'we'll catch the thief.''you can send all these boys home,' said walter. he was trying to help.'no, i can't,' said the captain. 'they won't go.''there's only one thing to do, then,' said emil. 'we must change our plans. we can't follow the thief secretly now; there are too many boys. so he must see what we're doing. when he comes out of the hotel, we'll make a circle of boys around him. that circle will follow him everywhere he goes. he won't be able to escape.''good idea!' said the captain. 'i was thinking that, too.''the boys in the circle should make a lot of noise,' said emil.'then other people will notice what's happening. the thief will want to give us the money back before the police arrive.'there was the sound of a bell at the gateway. everyone turned round. polly rode into the courtyard.'good morning, detectives,' she said.she jumped off her bicycle and took a bag from the front.'i've brought you some coffee,' she said. 'and some food.'the boys weren't really hungry. it was too soon after breakfast to eat again. but they didn't want to be rude, so they took the bag. they ate and drank everything.suddenly they heard paul's horn. he ran into the courtyard, shouting: 'quick! let's go! the thief's leaving the hotel.'all the boys ran through the gateway. polly was left alone with her bicycle and the empty bag. she wasn't very pleased. she jumped on her bicycle and rode after the boys. 'i don't like it! i don't like it!' she said. she sounded like her grandmother.the thief came out of the hotel and turned to the right. the captain sent tony and walter to the different groups of boys. they gave them their orders.in three minutes there was a large crowd of boys all around the thief.he didn't know what to do. the boys were talking, laughing and following him everywhere. 'and why are they looking at me all the time?' he thought. he couldn't understand what was happening.suddenly a ball flew past his head. he didn't like that and began to walk more quickly. but the boys walked faster, too.he tried to turn into a side street, but another crowd of boys stood in his way.'walk in front of me,' emil said to paul. 'the thief mustn't see me yet.'polly rode at the side of the crowd, ringing her little bell.the thief was feeling more and more nervous. he didn't know what he should do next. he tried walking faster, but he couldn't escape.suddenly he turned round and ran back along the street. the crowd followed. then walter ran in front of the thief and the man nearly fell.'what's the matter with you?' mr green shouted. 'go away, or i'll call a policeman.''oh, yes please,' said walter. 'that's what we're waiting for.'of course, the thief didn't want to call a policeman. he looked up. people were looking at him from their windows. was anyone phoning the police? 'if the police come,' he thought, 'they'll start asking questions.' he was beginning to feel afraid. he didn't know what to do.then he saw a bank across the road. it gave him an idea. he ran through the crowd of boys and hurried into the bank.the boys followed. the captain stopped them at the door and said: 'paul and i will go inside. emil can stay here until we're ready for him. when paul sounds his horn, emil and ten boys must come into the bank.' he turned to emil: 'bring some good boys, emil. this will be a difficult business.'paul and the captain walked into the bank. mr green was standing in front of a desk. behind the desk, a bank assistant was having a telephone conversation.the captain got close to the thief. paul stood behind him, with his hand in his pocket, ready to sound his horn.the bank assistant finished telephoning and came to the desk.'what can i do for you?' he asked mr green.'can you change these seventy pounds for me, please? i'd like five-pound notes for the ten-pound notes, and one-pound notes for the five-pound notes.' he took the money out of his pocket.'stop!' the captain called out. 'that money was stolen.''what!' said the bank assistant in surprise.the other people in the bank looked up from their work.'this man stole that money from my friend,' said the captain. 'but if he changes the money into smaller notes, nobody can prove it.''you crazy boy!' shouted mr green.he hit the captain in the face. the captain hit him back, hard, in the stomach. all the bank workers ran to the desk to watch.paul sounded his horn.ten boys came running into the bank. emil was in front. they all stood around mr green.the bank manager came out of his office.'what's all this noise about?' he asked.emil pointed to the thief. 'yesterday afternoon, this man here stole my money. he took it while i was asleep on the train from newton.''can you prove this?' the manager asked.mr green laughed. 'of course he can't! i've been here for a week. yesterday i was in the city all day.''that isn't true!' emil shouted angrily. he was almost crying.'can you prove that this is the same man? the man who was on the train yesterday?' the manager asked.emil thought for a minute. his friends began to look worried.'yes, i can!' emil said at last. 'there was a lady in the carriage for the first part of the journey. her name is mrs james and she lives in greenfield. i remember, because she asked me to speak to her friend mr smith. he owns a cloth shop in newton.'the bank manager turned to the thief. 'and can you prove that you were in the city all day yesterday?' he asked.'of course i can,' the thief answered. 'i was at the west end hotel in princess square. that's where i'm staying.''but only since yesterday evening,' paul said. 'i know that for a fact. i've been there, dressed as a lift boy.'the other bank workers smiled. they wanted to believe the boys' story. but the bank manager looked serious. 'i must keep this money for now,' he said.he took a piece of paper and began to write down their names and addresses.'the man's name is green,' emil said.the thief laughed loudly. 'you can see that there's been a mistake. my name's miller, not green.''in the train yesterday, he called himself green,' emil said.'can you prove that your name's miller?' asked the bank manager.'i have no papers with me,' said the thief, 'but i can get them from the hotel.''don't believe him!' emil cried. 'it's my money and i must have it back. my mother asked me to take the money to my grandmother. she lives here, in bridge street.''perhaps that's true,' said the manager. 'but i'll have to ask you again. can you prove that the money is yours? is your name written on the back of the notes? did you write down their numbers?''of course not,' said emil. 'i didn't think that i could lose the money.''were there any marks on the notes?''i don't think so.''well, that's the end of it, then,' the thief said. 'everything that i've told you is true. that money's mine. i never steal from children.''wait a minute!' emil cried. 'now i remember. there is a mark on the notes: the mark of a pin. i wanted to be sure that the money stayed in my pocket. so i put a pin through the cloth of my pocket and through the bag with the money in it. if you look closely at the notes, you'll see the holes from the pin.'the bank manager held the notes up against the light. everyone watched in silence. the thief stepped back.'the boy's right,' said the manager. 'there are holes in these notes.''and here's the pin that made the holes,' emil said. he put the pin from his jacket on the desk. then he held his finger up. 'and here's the place where i pricked myself.'the thief turned and pushed through the crowd of boys. some of them fell down. he ran through the door of the bank and disappeared.'catch him!' cried the bank manager.everyone ran to the door.the thief was outside. there were about thirty boys round him. some of them held his legs, some of them held his arms and some of them held his coat. there was no escape for him now.a policeman came running towards them. polly was with him.the bank manager said to the policeman: 'take this man to the police station. he's stolen this boy's money.'the policeman held the thief's arm. 'right,' he said. 'you come along with me!'the bank assistant took the money and the pin and went with them.all the boys and polly went too. they were a strange group. first there was the policeman and the assistant from the bank, with the thief between them. then came all the boys. and finally, there was polly on her shining new bicycle. she called to emil: 'i'm going to ride home and tell the family.'she rang her little bell, turned into a side street and rode away.