'i'm sure they think i'm really stupid,' thought harminda. 'and i am, because i believed them. "spend time with your dad before his operation," they said. they weren't worried about me spending time with dad! the only thing they wanted was enough time to escape with the money!'vanessa didn't want to go to the police: she said that very clearly.but shauna...shauna was different. at least, harminda thought shauna was different. she thought that after all this was over, they could be friends. but now she didn't know what to think any more.'maybe they've gone to get a drink or something to eat,' thought harminda.but she knew the truth.without harminda there to stop her, vanessa probably talked to shauna about all the places shauna could go on her honeymoon.they could share the money. half each. fifty-fifty. that was enough to go on honeymoon for over three months! harminda could hear vanessa. it was so easy to believe her. she was the perfect actress.'excuse me,' said a gentle voice, making harminda jump. 'sorry, i didn't want to frighten you.'harminda turned around and saw a young men. he was smiling kindly and when harminda saw that his arm was in a plaster, she started to relax.'no, i'm sorry. how can i help?''can you tell me the way to king's cross station? i came here in an ambulance, but i don't know this part of london and i'm not sure how to get back home from here.''i don't know, but i've got a map in the car,' said harminda. she was about to put the key in the door when her mobile phone beeped. she had a new message. she took the phone out of her pocket and began to read: u r in danger...'no... this can't be happening... these things happen in films, not to people like me!' she thought, reading the message a second time.she looked up slowly at the reflection of the man in the car window.for a moment she couldn't believe what she saw. she was too frightened to breathe.he was taking off the plaster! it was fake! he didn't have a broken arm.he was taking something out of his jacket... then harminda realised what it was. he was pulling out a gun.