the head of the tv show south central likes jennifer's work. in 1993, he wants an actress for the show. he gives the job to jennifer.after south central, jennifer works in three new tv shows: second chances, malibu road, and nurses on the line: the crash of flight 7.jennifer is now a famous tv star. then, in 1995, she is in her first hollywood movie: mi familia. mi familia is a "latin" movie. her first "english" movies are money train and jack.in money train, jennifer is grace santiago, a new york policewoman. wesley snipes and woody harrelson play two brothers. they work for the police, too. the two men love grace. the movie is about their problems.jack is a funny movie. robin williams plays a boy, jack. people look at jack and think, "he's not a boy; he's a man." jennifer plays jack's teacher.in her movies, jennifer is in love stories with famous men. her boyfriend, david, is unhappy about this and he goes back to new york.jennifer is unhappy, too. but then she finds a new boyfriend. his name is ojani noa and he is from cuba. she marries him in 1997.in the same year, jennifer is in four movies. the first movie is blood and wine with two very famous actors - jack nicholson and michael caine. the movie is about two bad men - alex gates and victor spanskey. jennifer is gabriella, alex's girlfriend.after blood and wine, jennifer is in the movies anaconda, u-turn, and selena. the movies are a success in the us but selena is a success in latin countries, too.in selena, jennifer plays selena quintanilla, the famous mexican singer. it is an unhappy story because the singer's life was very short. selena's father gives money for the movie. the director is gregory nava. jennifer works on the movie in front of selena's family. this is difficult. but the family likes jennifer, and the movie teaches people about their daughter. this makes jennifer happy because she liked selena.selena is a big success in many countries. suddenly, jennifer lopez is not only a famous name in the us.the year 1998 arrives. jennifer is happy but she can't take a vacation. she is in two movies that year: out of sight and antz.in out of sight, jennifer is karen sisco, a policewoman. george clooney is jack foley. foley takes money from a bank. he gets away from the police and takes karen with him. the story is about their love.antz is a movie for children. we hear jennifer but we don't see her face.