it was half past ten when i left the house. everyone in moonfleet was sleeping, except the men at the why not inn. as i approached the old churchyard i began thinking about blackbeard's ghost and i felt afraid, but i didn't stop.when i got to the hole on the side of the tomb i thought, 'maybe blackbeard is waiting at the bottom of the hole...' i looked at the bright moon in the night sky and then i looked at the sea. i saw a small sailing boat in the bay - it was probably a smugglers' boat.i looked at the dark hole again and decided to jump into it. and so my adventure began. i lit my candle, which burnt brightly, and walked through the passage.'the diamond is probably here somewhere,' i thought. til be able to buy presents for mr glennie and ratsey and aunt jane... i'll become the richest man in moonfleet!'as i continued walking i saw footprints on the damp ground. someone had already been there. then i suddenly reached a big room: it was the mohune crypt. all around the walls of the crypt there were stone shelves with coffins on them. what frightening place! in the middle of the crypt there were casks of all sizes, with white letters and numbers on them. i was right: the noise we heard in church was not the noise of coffins, but the noise of these casks.i was amazed. this was a secret hiding place for the smugglers' casks of wine. now i realised that the flat tomb where i always sat was the smugglers' entrance to the crypt. i remembered how ratsey had always tried to frighten me with his stories about blackbeard. he wanted to keep me away from the churchyard. now i understood why ratsey and elzevir were in the churchyard that afternoon. they knew about the secret hiding place and they probably knew about the smugglers. perhaps they were smugglers!but how could i find the diamond? i looked at the coffins for a few minutes and then the clock in the church tower struck midnight. what a ghostly time and what a ghostly place!suddenly i began hearing voices in the distance and i was terrified. the voices got louder and i heard a man jump from the churchyard into the crypt. he started talking to other men who were still in the churchyard. i wanted to hide but i didn't know where. when i saw a coffin on the top shelf of the crypt i put out my candle, climbed up and hid between the coffin and the wall.i could not see anything from my hiding place but i heard ratsey's voice talking to other men.'i was in dorchester three days ago,' said one man, 'and people say that judge barentyne wants to hang all smugglers.''barentyne and old maskew are a cruel pair,' said another man. 'if i meet maskew alone one night i'll...''don't touch maskew - he's mine!' said a deep voice; it was elzevir.then a man said, 'i don't trust that trenchard boy. he always sits on the flat tomb and looks at the sea. i even saw him tonight with my telescope. i think he's maskew's spy: he tells maskew everything he sees.''you're right,' said another man, 'i've seen him near the maskew house many times.'the man was right. i liked grace maskew and when she was very ill i sat near her house hoping to see dr hawkins. one day i saw him and asked him about grace. he was a kind man and said she was getting better. this made me happy.'no, the trenchard boy isn't a spy,' said ratsey. 'he sits on the flat tomb of the churchyard because he likes looking at the sea. he's a good, simple boy. he believes everything i tell him. i've told him some terrible stories about blackbeard and he'll never come to the churchyard at night.'he started laughing and the others laughed too. then elzevir spoke.'john's a brave boy. he's david's age and he'll be a good sailor one day.'i was pleased to hear elzevir say those words because i liked him.'well, ratsey,' said elzevir, 'you have to close that hole under the flat tomb because someone could look down into the crypt.''don't worry, i'll do it,' said ratsey.soon the meeting ended and the men left the crypt. i wanted to leave too, so i lit my candle and looked around. i tried climbing down from the stone shelf but i slipped and grabbed the old coffin. my hand went through the rotten wood and touched something strange. i looked at my hand and saw... a man's black beard! i dropped my candle and cried, 'the beard of a dead man, blackbeard's beard!'i was terrified and wanted to run away, but i didn't. perhaps this was a clue, perhaps blackbeard's treasure was nearby. i looked at the beard carefully and then decided to look inside the rotten coffin.'i must be brave,' i thought, 'if i want to find the diamond.'i slowly opened the old coffin and inside i saw the skeleton and old clothes of colonel john mohune. i put my trembling hand inside and looked for the diamond, but it was not there. however, i found a locket around mohune's neck. i slowly took the locket out of the coffin and opened it, hoping to find the diamond inside. but the diamond was not inside. i only found a folded piece of yellow paper with some words from the bible. those were probably words to keep bad spirits away, so i put the locket around my neck. perhaps the words would keep blackbeard's ghost away from me!i went to the end of the passage and wanted to climb out of the crypt into the churchyard but the hole was closed! ratsey had closed it that night after leaving the crypt. my candle went out and i was now a prisoner in the dark crypt. i was too tired to be scared, and i sat down on the damp ground and fell asleep.