i don't know how long i slept because it was always dark in the crypt. a bit of light came through the tiny crack in the tomb above my head. i was hungry and thirsty, and i did not know what to do. soon the small bit of light disappeared and i knew a day had passed. and then another day passed and i felt terrible. i was hungrier and thirstier than the day before. i started calling and shouting, hoping that someone might hear me. but no one heard me and finally i fainted.when i woke up i was in a clean, comfortable bed in a sunny little room.'am i in my aunt's house?' i thought. 'was the adventure in the crypt a bad dream?'i felt something around my neck: it was colonel john mohune's locket. then the door opened and elzevir block came in.'oh, elzevir, help me! i'm not a spy!'he looked at me kindly and said, 'no one will hurt you, john. you're at the why not inn. i know you're not a spy. just rest and eat this.'i slowly ate some hot soup and for ten days he looked after me until i was well again. during that time he told me what had happened:'mr glennie was the first one to look for you, because you weren't at school. he went to see your aunt who said you had run away. that evening sam tewkesbury came to the why not inn and was very frightened because he had heard someone calling and shouting at the churchyard.'i immediately understood that someone was shut inside the crypt and i went there quickly. i found you and brought you back to the inn. you reminded me of david...'elzevir was a very kind man and as the days passed he loved me like a son.one day ratsey came to see me and said, 'only elzevir and i know that you were in our crypt. so, remember, keep the secret and elzevir and i will do the same.''don't worry, i won't tell anyone about the crypt - it's our secret,' i said.when i was feeling better i went to see my aunt, who was not happy to see me.she did not let me come in the house and said, 'people who go to the why not inn are not welcome in my house!'i turned my back on the only home i had and walked back to the why not inn with tears in my eyes. i told elzevir about my aunt and he replied smiling, 'your new home is here with me, john; you've taken david's place. i'm happy you're here.'i've mentioned maskew's name a few times, and i'd like to say something about him. he was not a tall man and he had a thin face, sharp grey eyes and reddish hair. he was a lawyer and had made money in scotland many years ago. people said he came to moonfleet to get away from trouble.he bought a big mansion on the mohune property. it was an old mansion with some broken parts, but he did not like spending money. so he only repaired the part where he and his daughter, grace, lived.before maskew bought the mansion no one lived on the mohune property, and children played in the big garden and men hunted in the woods. but after his arrival he did not allow anyone on his land. everyone in moonfleet disliked him for this. and when he became a magistrate everyone disliked him even more. after the death of young david block, maskew's life was in danger.however, everyone liked maskew's daughter, grace. she was a tall, thin girl with light brown hair and a friendly face. she came to school with me and the children of the village and we sometimes met after school.one morning in march the bailiff and his clerk came to moonfleet to renew the 5-year rent of the why not inn. this required a formal auction, even if for generations only elzevir's family had rented the inn. elzevir and i sat at a big table near the fireplace and the clerk put a long candle on the big table.he lit the candle and said, 'today we are here to receive offers to rent the why not inn for the next five years. when this candle dies, the auction is over and no one can make another offer. do you all understand?'elzevir and i said, 'yes.'very well, we can start,' said the clerk.'what do you offer, sir,' said the bailiff, looking at elzevir.'i offer a rent of $12 a year for five years,' said elzevir in a loud voice.'please write it down,' said the bailiff to the clerk. 'does anyone else want to make an offer?' i was silent and looked around amused, because only elzevir and i were in the inn.'we must wait for the candle to go out,' said the clerk, 'then the auction is over.'so we sat there and waited for the candle to go out. suddenly the door of the why not inn opened and maskew appeared. elzevir's face became dark and angry.'you're not welcome here, maskew!' cried elzevir.'gentlemen, please,' said the bailiff, 'this is an auction and people can come and make offers. the candle is still burning.'