cerberus was still sleeping when orpheus reached the gate to the underworld, and charon was waiting with his boat at the river styx.as orpheus walked, he never once looked back, but he did feel that eurydice was right behind him. when he got into charon's boat, he sat forward so she would have the space to sit behind him. she was so close he thought he could feel her breath upon him. his heart beat wildly with the desire to turn around and take her in his arms, but he waited.he calmed himself with thoughts of what life would be like when they were together again. in his mind, he saw her in the forest the day she had stepped on the viper. only this time, there was no viper. there was only him holding her in his arms, and he imagined her talking about their life together."i'd like to have a house in the hills so our children can run free and see all the beauty nature has to offer us.""wherever we are, i know well be happy. i'm happy right here listening to the wind blow through the trees."orpheus was brought out of his fantasy as charon's boat reached the far shore. he left the boat and began the long climb up the tunnel of darkness leading to the upperworld, and not once did he think that eurydice was not behind him. in fact, the further he went, the more he felt eurydice was going to reach out and touch him. the excitement was so great that he had to do everything he could to keep on climbing and not turn around.orpheus saw the light coming from the opening between the two large cliffs, and he climbed quickly to the top, feeling the warm sun of the upperworld touch his skin once again. he wasn't sure if it was his imagination or not, but he thought he heard eurydice slip and nearly fall. he turned and reached his hands out to grab her. he saw her there in the darkness, not yet out of the underworld, and they both knew he had turn too soon. she was pulled back into the underworld and all orpheus could hear was eurydice s voice saying, farewell.orpheus tried to descend through the opening again, but his foot came against rock. the opening had been closed. he knew he would not be given another chance to descend into the underworld. he banged his fists on the side of the clift and looked up at the sky, crying out to the gods."why have you done this to me? you gave me hope and now you have decided to let me live my life in sorrow. why." but there were no answers to the questions he was asking. orpheus lived the rest of his life walking alone and playing his lyre through the hills and forests of thrace. he never again played songs of happiness; he only played son which came from the sadness of his heart, but still the music was filled with beauty.after his death, apollo and the muses asked the other gods to place orpheus and his lyre in the sky among the star to remind people where the true spirit of music comes from. on clear nights, he can still be seen among the stars playing his lyre, and sometimes when there is no wind blowing and no breeze to disturb the still of the night, he can be heard singing about people's happiness and misfortunes, reminding the whole universe of the way life was, is and always shall be.