on the other side of the river styx, there was a gate across the path which led further down into the underworld in front of the gate was cerberus, a three-headed dog with a tail like a dragon's. orpheus hid when he saw this, and his heart beat quickly with fear. he had to remind himself of his original idea."you came here believing your lyre would guide you safely to eurydice. if you forget that, you will never see her again."orpheus emerged from his hiding place behind the rock and began to play. cerberus ran at him, ready to tear him to pieces, but orpheus simply closed his eyes and sang the highest note that would come to his throat. the dog stopped before him, captured by the sound of orpheus's voice. his ears were standing straight up, and he forgot about attacking orpheus. he went back and lay down next to the gate. his eyes became heavy and he fell sleepy, and as orpheus walked past him still playing, cerberus dozed off.orpheus continued playing his lyre as he walked through the underworld, because he was never certain whether what he saw would be a danger to him or not. and he saw a lot. he saw sisyphus constantly pushing a rock up a hill only to have it fall hack again. he saw tantalus standing in a lake of water dying of thirst, but every time he reached down to drink the water, it disappeared. and he saw ixion, punished for speaking against hera and tied to a wheel which turned forever. yet all of these men were able to forget their troubles when they heard orpheus's lyre.pluton and persephone lived in a palace surrounded by gates leading to fields of dead flowers and swamps of a black, sticky substance. the dead were wandering in these fields crying for things they had lost and could not find. they, too, felt joy at the sound of orpheus's playing, and they all stopped and watched him as he made his way to the palace entrance.pluton and persephone had been told that someone who was still living had entered the underworld. no one before or after orpheus ever did this, so this was an exceptional moment.pluton stood next to his queen, persephone, wearing his magical black helmet. orpheus stopped playing when he saw them."the gods must look favourably upon you if they have let you enter the underworld, fell me what it is you seek here."mv wife, eurydice, has recently been taken from me and she is now somewhere with you in this powerful kingdom. i fear that she has been taken too soon; that out life together was never given a chance to begin before it was ended."but there is no one here, as you must realise, that has been taken from your world too soon. it is their fate, and someone's fate is something that cannot be changed.""i cannot argue with what you say, but i can only tell you what i feel through a song. if you will listen to me, perhaps you will understand me better."pluton nodded and orpheus picked up his lyre. orpheus sang of the need he felt to fill his heart with love, and how, once he had found it. it had been taken away from him.when pluton had taken persephone to be queen of the underworld, the entire earth cried and its tears turned to ice freezing the flowers and the trees. so orpheus sang how he felt about losing eurydice comparing his pain to that of the earth. he asked pluton to let him have eurydice back for just a little longer and then she and he would be theirs again forever.persephone was so moved by his song and its reminder of how she too, had been taken from the earth and brought to the underworld too soon that she spoke first;"of course we will let you see your beautiful wife again. the gods must have sent you here as a gilt, for your music the most beautiful thing i have ever heard."pluton agreed with what his wife said, but he knew he could not allow anyone to go back to the upperworld so easily."persephone is right. your song has won you what now other living person has been given before. however, you must be patient still. leave us and return to the upperworld eurydice will be behind you the entire way, but do not look back. trust that this gift is being given to you because of the song you sang. if you look back to see if your wife is there before you get to the upperworld, you will lose her and she will again be ours, only this time, forever."orpheus obeyed pluton. he turned away from them an began his long journey back to the upperworld, filled with the hope that eurydice would once again be his.