even though he couldn't see her, orpheus felt that something terrible had happened to eurydice. he suddenly stopped playing, stood up and began making his way through the people and down the mountainside. everyone was surprised that he had stopped playing so suddenly, but the celebration was too important for them to think much of it.when orpheus saw one of the young bridesmaids running towards him, crying, he began to run to the place where eurydice lay. he held her body in his arms and he cried out to the sky."why have you done this to me? it's not fair! i refuse to accept this. i will fight everyone and everything to bring her back to life. i know i can!"eurydice was taken to the underworld where all of the dead were ruled over by pluton and persephone. orpheus knew of an entrance to this place, deep between two large dills. the opening was so narrow that he had to turn sideways in order to be able to climb down below.the entrance was dark, and the further orpheus descended the darker it got, until he could see nothing at all. he could not even see where he was stepping, but it no longer mattered as he wasn't moving under his own power. he was being moved by some unknown force.finally, he saw a light. it was coming from deep inside a cave. when orpheus looked inside, he saw that he was standing in front of a river with fire burning on its surface. there was an old man there with wild white hair, standing next to a boat. he was looking down at the water, and orpheus thought he saw the reflection of the fire in the man's eyes, but when the man turned to look at him orpheus saw that his eyes were made of fire. finally, he had met charon the ferryman."no money was put upon your lips on the day you were buried, so i will not take you across the river styx."''but i did not die. i only came here to talk to pluton and persephone. i want to...""stop talking! i don't want to hear you if you do not have any money for the passage.orpheus realised that charon understood nothing but money. he had no choice but to play his lyre and see if the magic of his music could also work here in the underworld. he sang of how relatives of the dead placed coins on the dead's lips, so that the kind and good charon would take them safely across the river styx. it was an honourable job that charon had as he really made sure the dead would rest in peace.when orpheus finished playing, charon got into his boa and began to push it out into the water. orpheus quickly got in behind him, and charon spoke to the fire and water as he rowed."do not harm us great river styx. we only wish to get to the other side. we are not carrying the dead, but we respect your power and place."with those words, a path in the water opened up before them and the flames on either side of them lowered. when they got to the other side, charon spoke first;"this is as far as i shall take you. i will be here when it is time to lake you back."how will you know when that is?"charon did not answer him. instead, he began to row back across the water, speaking to it, but what he said orpheus could not hear.