when jason and the argonauts finally reached colchis, they were treated as heroes for making such a long and dangerous journey. they ate and drank well, and they were shown where they could bathe and rest in comfort. the king of colchis, aeetes, asked to see jason after he had rested, and asked him why he had made the long journey to colchis."i am the rightful heir to the throne of iolcus, and king pelias has accepted this fact. however, an oracle has said that if i am to take the throne, i must return the golden fleece to lolcus. our cousin phrixos's spirit lives through the fleece. with it our people will live in peace. if you agree to give us the fleece, we will gladly perform any service you wish. i have men with me who can fight off all of your enemies."jason's request surprised and angered aeetes. he would give no one the golden fleece, and if he had known that the fleece was what the argonauts wanted, he would have killed them in their sleep. now he couldn't do that, so he thought of something which he was sure they could not survive.i understand you are brave men, having survived the journey here and it is my wish to honour you. however, in older to give you the golden fleece, i would need to see you accomplish something that i myself have accomplished.""say it and it shall he done.""there are two wild, fire-breathing hulls who live in the fields of ares. i once tied a plough to the necks of those bulls and ploughed those fields. in them. i planted the teeth of a dragon and almost instantly an army of dragon-toothed men grew out of the land and attacked me. i was able to kill every one of them, and i expect you can do the same."hera, who had been listening to all of this, knew that aeetes was lying. he had never done such a thing, and it was impossible for jason to do it without some kind of help. in the form of a bird, she flew to mount olympus where she found aphrodite, the goddess of love, playing with her son eros."aphrodite, i need your help. i am guiding the argonauts in their search for the golden fleece and king aeetes has asked them to do something which is impossible.""and what would you like me to do?""aeetes has a daughter, medea. she has special powers. if you manage to make her fall in love with jason, i am sure she could help him succeed in what her father has asked."i will ask my son, eros, to go and visit her, as he has never failed to fill people's hearts with love for others."aphrodite took a golden ball from inside her robe and held it out to eros."this is lor you, my darling. but first i want you to find medea, daughter to aeetes, and fill her heart with love for jason." eros smiled at his mother, took the ball, then flapped his wings and rose into the air with his bow and arrow in his hands.he was high above the scene where jason was accepting aeetes's challenge. medea was standing at her father's side, and she did not see or feel the small arrow that eros shot into her arm. but then, when she looked at jason, she suddenly felt that he was the most handsome man she had ever seen.