the argonauts returned to the argo to discuss who would capture the bulls and plough the fields of ares. castor said he could attach the plough to the bulls' heads, but jason replied that he doubted he could defeat the army of men that would grow out of the field behind him. then, they saw a small boat coming towards them from the shore. in it was medea's nephew, and when he came on board, he told them why he had come."i am the nephew of medea, daughter of aeetes. she has powers beyond all other men and women, and she can help you succeed in what her father has asked you to do. if you would like her help, she has told me where she will be this night, and i may take you, jason, to talk with her."jason agreed, and he and the boy rowed back to shore in the small boat.medea was waiting for them in a clearing in the forest. she wore a black robe with a hood hiding most of her face, as she did not want to be seen going against her father's wishes. in her hands was a small box containing a magic ointment that would protect jason from the bulls' fire and the army's spears if he rubbed it onto himself on the day of the contest. jason spoke first when he saw her."your nephew has told me you are kind enough to help me defeat the bulls of ares and plough the fields without harm. for this. i thank you."jason's voice, medea thought, equalled his good looks and she had to keep her own voice from shaking when she answered, as she felt drawn to him."here is an ointment which will protect you from all that could harm you. rub it onto your skin well, and neither the bulls' fire nor the army's spears will be able to break your skin and there is something else. if the army of dragon-toothed men appears to be too great in number, throw a small stone among them and they will begin attacking each other."jason took the box from medea, but he couldn't help wanting to see all of her face, as he, too, fell moved by her voice and everything about her."may i see the face that oilers such kindness to me?"she took the hood from her head, and jason's heart beat quickly from the beauty he saw in her."medea, i know you are doing this without your father's knowledge, but i am also moved by how beautiful you are. ii all goes well tomorrow, i would like to take you back to iolcus and make you my wife."medea was so surprised to see that jason shared the same feelings for her as she did for him, that she couldn't speak. instead, jason made one final request."to thank you. and in case i never get the chance again, may i kiss you before we say goodnight?"medea did not answer, but the moment his lips touched hers, she knew that he loved her as much as she loved him.the next morning, jason spread the ointment on his skin, and he was able to capture the bulls and defeat the army thet grew from the dragon's teeth. he remembered what medea had told him, and as the army started growing in number very quickly, he threw a small stone before them and they began attacking and killing each other. king aeetes was furious."you, could not have done that by yourself. someone helped you. i'll never give you the golden fleece now.""you have made a mistake. king aeetes. i did what you asked of me. if you will not honour the agreement, we will be forced to fight.""be gone with you. i'll listen to no more. guards! prepare for battle."and so jason and the argonauts returned to the argo and prepared to attack the king and his men.medea, hearing all of this, took her most valuable possessions and escaped from the castle to be with jason on the argo. she knew where the fleece was, and she wanted to save her father's kingdom from a terrible battle even though she planned to leave with jason."jason, take me to iolcus with you. i want to be your wife. but spare my father. i can show you where the fleece is.""i never meant to do your father harm. the fleece is only for my people. you are the greatest treasure i could possibly return with."the fleece hung from a three far beyond the fields of ares, but it was guarded by a fierce dragon who never slept. orpheus sang the dragon a song which made it fall asleep, and as the dragon lay down, gradually closing its large round eyes, jason took the golden fleece from the three.the argonauts left colchis under the light of a full moon. medea sat in jason's arms at the front of the boat as orpheus played his lyre and sang of all that they had been through.