orpheus played his lyre and sang songs every day until the time he was sixteen, and he had become the greatest musician anyone had ever heard. he liked to walk through the mountains and forests of thrace while he played, and the trees would move slightly from side to side to the rhythm of his music. orpheus saw many wild animals such as mountain lions, bears, foxes and deer. he would stop and play for them, and he was amazed to see that they would lie close to him, with their eyes closed, breathing softly as they listened to the peaceful sound of his music.although he loved playing his lyre, orpheus felt that there was something missing from his life, he spoke of this to his father."i feel that there is no adventure in my life. every day is the same. my music comes from inside me, but it is based on the experiences i have in the world. it seems time for me to leave thrace and see things which will make me more creative.""it is natural for a boy your age to feel such things, and you are right. you should go out and see more of this world. but you must wait for the opportunity to come. it will, but you must be patient!"orpheus accepted his father's advice, hut it did not make it any easier for him to live with that restless feeling inside him. he returned to the fields of thrace, playing his lyre for whoever or whatever could hear him until one day he saw something he had never seen before. it was a strange creature. he had the head and chest of a human, but it rose from the body of a horse. orpheus had heard of these creatures. they were called centaurs. next to the centaur was a man dressed like a prince. he spoke to orpheus first."orpheus, my name is jason, prince and future king of iolcus. this is cheiron, my teacher and the greatest teacher in all of greece. he has told me that you are the greatest musician in the land and that you are a necessary part of my voyage.""what voyage is that?""i am going to colchis to bring back the golden fleece to my people. only the most heroic men in greece will be invited to go, as it will be a dangerous trip and we will need every man's strength to be successful.""but how can i be of help to you?"here, cheiron stepped closer. orpheus saw that his face was serious and calm. when the centaur spoke, his voice was deep and strong."orpheus, your music will give men strength when they feel they have none left. it will settle quarrels, and the boat will move to its rhythm and keep a safe and steady course. most of all, you can save the argo from almost certain destruction. a time will come when your ability to play will be challenged. this is what will make you a hero."it was clear that this was the adventure orpheus had been looking for. jason, who had never heard orpheus play, asked him to do so before the three of them left for iolcus. orpheus played with more enthusiasm than ever before. he felt the openness of the sea they would travel on, and he understood the powerful excitement one must feel as one begins such a journey. jason had tears in his eyes when orpheus finished."cheiron was right. you can do magic with that lyre of yours. those chosen as argonauts will no doubt be as moved as i am now."