the name of jason's boat was the argo. it sat in the water near iolcus with its long oars resting peacefully at its sides. this picture of calm was in direct contrast to the activity taking place on the land beside it. men were competing in a series of games to see who would go on the journey to find the golden fleece. among them were castor, who was able to train twelve wild horses at one time, and polydeuces, who was showing why he was the best boxer in all of greece as he knocked out one challenger after another. orpheus watched all of this with amazement, for he had never seen anything like it. jason stood on a rock above him, looking down at all of the competitors. hercules, who was also travelling on the argo, walked past orpheus carrying two large chests. he almost knocked him over."out of the way little man. this is no place for music. take your music and find some women to play for. this is a place for men of strength and power."there was a brightness in jason's eyes when he heard this."have you heard him play, brave hercules? he has more power in that lyre than i think all of these men have together."hercules set the chests he was carrying on the ground and stood with his arms crossed."play for me then, and show me something i do not know."orpheus picked up his lyre. he looked at all the other men competing to make this journey and used the reason for the journey, as the inspiration for his song.as he began to play, the spirit of apollo rose within him, and he produced a sound from his lyre that touched all the men's hearts. it was a high, delicate sound which made the men stop what they were doing and look up in amazement.orpheus sang about the story of the golden fleece; of how a flying ram with a golden coat, was sent by zeus to save phrixos from being killed by his own people. now the fleece was somewhere in colchis and pelias - the king of iolcus - wanted jason to bring it back to him, and restore the spirit of phrixos to the land of iolcus before pelias turned the throne over to jason.there was no doubt this journey would be a dangerous one, and it would need the best of men in every contest of strength, intelligence and bravery. orpheus sang that strength did not only come from the muscles of one's body, but that it could be created by one's spirit. i hat spirit was awakened by the sound of music and orpheus wished to provide this music. he was the best at what he did touched as he was by the hands of apollo - and he wanted to be present on the argo, to ensure that these brave men never lost the spirit necessary for a successful journey.when orpheus finished, there was a moment of silence, then the loud roar of cheering. jason smiled at hercules."well, has he won your heart as well?"hercules picked up the chests and put them back on his shoulders."he can come if that's what you mean. i'm sure it'll be good for the men."hercules was not a man who gave compliments easily. this casual praise meant more than the words themselves. as hercules walked away, jason turned to orpheus."you have won the hardest of hearts. you have nothing more to fear."