orpheus soon proved how valuable he was to the argo. after only four days of sailing, a fight broke out between castor and polydeuces. polydeuces wanted castor to take his turn rowing, but castor insisted he had to stay on deck as the look-out."my eyes see further than anyone else's, and so far i've led us on a steady course.""but the men are tired. we could use someone else to give us a break.""it's not like boxing, is it? you can't just punch your way out of it, can you?"polydeuces grabbed castor by the neck."you'll row with the rest of us and then you'll see what it's like to do some real work."they began lighting and wrestling all over the deck. not even hercules could separate them. then orpheus picked up his lyre. he played what he felt, and he sang of the open sea and how its rough waves were only a mask hiding its truly calm self.castor and polydeuces stopped fighting to listen to orpheus play. when he had finished, they all went back to what they had been doing, feeling calm and strong like the sea and forgetting that they had been tired or angry.but it was only a few days more before the argo began to lose its course. the men who were rowing began to complain that they never saw the sunlight as they rowed below deck during the day and then slept at night. their complaining broke the rhythm of their rowing, which drove them further off their course and made their rowing more difficult. they took longer breaks and jason demanded that they push on."we're losing time. it's dangerous to stay in these waters too long.""but my arms feel like water themselves, sir. i don't have the strength to take another turn."they heard the soft music of orpheus coming from up above. orpheus sat at the front of the argo, playing as he looked at the sea. he noticed the waves had a rhythm of their own, and he was trying to play along with them. soon he felt that his sounds and the waves were moving in tune with each other. the beauty of this music drifted below the deck of the boat and floated into the hearts of the argonauts, making them lake the oars in their hands with a new energy. they forgot their former tiredness, and they too, as well as the argo, began to move in tune with the sea and the music.the argo stopped each night on an island, because it was dangerous to be on the water in the dark, but one night in particular the argonauts were having trouble while trying to find land.a light fog began to roll across the water as the light from the setting sun left the sky. some of the argonauts heard women s voices. they were like whispers coming from the air around them, then they'd disappear."did you hear that?""but there's no one around. where are these voices coming from?""listen, they're singing."there were women's voices singing quietly. occasionally, one would rise above the rest, letting out high notes of sweetness and joy."the gods themselves could not sing with more beautiful voices.""turn the boat. there must be land there. think of how beautiful these women must be if that's the sound of their voices."the entire crew of the argo were fascinated by the singing and they rowed towards it, with an energy they had never experienced before. what they couldn't know, being completely hypnotized, was that these were the voices of the sirens, the most beautiful and deadly voices in the world. their voices led all men who followed them to their death, for they lived on an island completely surrounded by rocks as sharp as any sword ever made. every boat that ever tried to get close to them and every man on board, were cut to pieces.the fog helped hide these rocks from the argo, but the argonauts were so carried away by the sounds they heard that they would not have seen them in any case, until it was too late.orpheus was also moved by the sound of their music, and he played along so passionately that he drowned out the sirens' voices. instantly, the argonauts began rowing to the sound of orpheus's lyre, unable to distinguish it from the sirens' song. this fortunately, led them away from the dangerous rocks. the power of the sirens had caused orpheus to play music which was even more powerful than theirs, and the rhythm of his song led the argonauts safely on in their journey to colchis.