when lila came back down to the bottom of the stairs, she looked through the window by the front door and saw bates. he was running up the hill towards the house. she had no time to ask herself about sam. she had to hide.as lila ran towards the kitchen, she heard bates at the front door. suddenly she noticed some stairs. they seemed to go down towards some kind of cellar. without thinking, she ran onto the top stair and waited.bates stood still for a second. he couldn't see lila, but he knew she was in the house. probably upstairs, looking for his mother.lila stood up when she heard bates upstairs in his mother's room. now she could escape and find sam. but she couldn't stop looking at the cellar door below her. maybe the mother was down there? perhaps marion and arbogast were prisoners down there? she had to go down to learn the secrets that were hiding behind that door.it was dark inside the cellar, and there was a strange smell of dead animals and oil. she stood still for a few seconds. then she thought she could see a light on the opposite side of the room. it was coming from underneath a door. she walked slowly towards it in the dark, past tables full of glass bottles, knives and tins. at last, she came to the door and opened it slowly.it was a small room with one light in the ceiling. in the middle of the room there was a wooden chair facing the opposite wall, and on the chair there was a woman. lila looked at the back of her head. she seemed to be asleep.'mrs. bates?' lila said quietly. she didn't want to frighten her. 'mrs bates?' she said again, moving slowly towards her.the woman didn't answer. lila touched her shoulder. lila turned the woman's chair round and looked down at her face. the first thing that she saw was the woman's teeth. they were large and yellow. and then lila realised that the old woman had no eyes. she was looking down at the dry, brown face of a dead woman.lila screamed. she turned to run away but stopped. there was a tall, shadowy shape by the door. the shadow had long grey hair and wore a flowery dress. as it moved into the light, lila could see the face: a white face with a terrible smile and mad, shining eyes.then she saw the knife. she wanted to scream again but her mouth was dry and she felt too weak. she moved back as the mad old woman ran towards her, laughing wildly, the silver knife in her hand, ready...then another person ran into the room and jumped on the mad woman from behind. sam! he put one arm round the woman's neck and with his other hand he held her wrist, fighting for the knife. the woman fought hard, screaming wildly. but sam was too strong for her.lila watched them as they fought. and then something unbelievable happened. as sam pulled the old woman to the floor, the long grey hair slowly fell to one side of her head. lila suddenly realised that the face wasn't the face of a woman. it was norman bates! and he was screaming like a woman!lila pressed herself against the wall. she felt sick. and norman bates's mother, a dead woman -with no eyes, watched with a wide smile on her brown face. she seemed to be laughing at her son as he lay screaming on the cold, stone floor.