sometime later, sam and lila sat with jud chambers in his office. the room was full of people, all of whom were listening to a man who was talking to them about norman.'i got all the story,' doctor steiner said. 'but not from norman. i heard it from his mother.''i don't understand,' said the sheriff.'i know it's difficult, but i'll try to explain,' doctor steiner replied. 'you see, there is no norman bates. not now. there never was one norman bates. he was half norman, half his mother. now he's all his mother. he'll probably never be norman again.''did he kill my sister?' lila wanted to know.the doctor looked at her sadly. 'yes. i'm sorry. he killed arbogast too. if we look in that swamp near the motel, i think we'll find both of them. we'll probably find other dead people too. pretty young women, just like your sister.'the doctor looked at all the serious faces in the room, and began to explain: 'we have to remember that, ten years ago, norman killed his mother and her lover. he lived alone with his mother and she was the boss. then she met another man, and norman was jealous. he thought that his mother loved this other man more than she loved him, so he killed both of them. a short time later he went out one night, dug his dead mother out of the ground, brought her back to the house and hid her in the cellar. he looked after her like one of his stuffed birds.'but keeping his mother's dead body was not enough. norman soon began to think like his mother, to talk like his mother, to be his mother. she became half of him. sometimes he was norman, sometimes he was his mother, and sometimes he was both at the same time. he had to talk to himself.'he was never all norman, but he was sometimes all mother.when he liked a girl, the mother side of his head became angry. his mother was jealous of him because he was jealous of her when she had a lover.'doctor steiner turned to lila. 'when he met your sister, he thought she was beautiful. he wanted her. that was a problem for the mother side of him. there was a fight inside his head between the two of them, but his mother won because she was stronger. so he suddenly became his mother, and his mother killed marion. when marion was dead, norman woke up after a kind of deep sleep, and really believed that his mother was the killer. he put your sister's body in the swamp because he loved his mother, and wanted to save her from the police.'when danger came too near, norman put on his mother's clothes. he walked round the house, sat in her chair by the window and talked in her voice. he tried to be his mother, and now he is. the fight inside norman's head is finished. the stronger person has won. he is now his mother.''and what about the money?' said jud chambers. 'who got that?''the swamp, 'doctor steiner replied.somewhere in the same building, two policemen were standing guard outside a door. behind the door there was a small white room with no furniture or windows. norman bates was alone in that room. he was sitting very still, with a strange smile on his face.perhaps this person was norman bates: he had norman's face, norman's body, norman's clothes. but it was really his mother who was alive. norman was really dead now.'it's sad when a mother has to tell the police about her son,' the voice inside norman's head was saying. 'they'll put him in prison now. he in prison. a bad boy, who looked through holes in the wall and killed people. he thinks that i did all those bad things. he tried to tell that to the police. but they know it wasn't me. i've never done anything bad. i was like one of his stuffed birds. i could only watch. i couldn't stop him. i couldn't move.'look at me. i can't even move a finger. and i'm not going to try. i'm going to sit here very still. i'm not going to move. i'll never move again.'they're probably watching me now. they'll see the sort of person that i really am. i'm a kind person. the sort of person who can never hurt anyone. look at that fly on my hand for example. i'm not going to kill it. i can't.'i hope they're watching. then they'll see, and they'll know. and they'll say: "look at her. she's a good woman. she can't even kill a fly.'"