robin hood's fame was everywhere. the people called him saint robin, and robin, sheriff of sherwood forest. a lot of new outlaws joined robin hood. they were loyal to him and followed him everywhere. the sheriff's men did not want to go to sherwood forest to capture robin hood. they were afraid. the sheriff of nottingham was very angry. he wanted to capture robin, dead or alive!'what is wrong with my men? they're afraid of robin hood. they are all stupid cowards! i don't need anyone! i am going to sherwood forest alone! i'm not afraid of a legend.'the sheriff left for sherwood forest alone. he entered the dark forest and saw no one for a long time. suddenly, a group of outlaws jumped down from the treetops. they made a big circle around the sheriff. then they took out their swords.the sheriff was terrified. his face became white.one outlaw said, 'well, well! what do we have here? the sheriff of nottingham in person!''oh, please, don't kill me!' said the cowardly sheriff. 'i can give you everything i have!'the outlaws laughed at the sheriff and said, 'our master is waiting for you.''robin hood?' asked the sheriff.'yes! robin hood! you are invited to eat with us.''i'm not hungry. let me go! i can give you money, gold, jewels! but please let me go!' the sheriff said.'start walking, you butcher,' said will scarlett. the outlaws took the sheriff to robin hood.'let's kill him!' the outlaws cried. 'let's kill this fat butcher now!'robin hood looked at the sheriff with disgust. he wanted to kill him too. but marian stopped him. 'we are not butchers like this man,' said marian. 'we are honest people.''sit down and eat with us, sheriff,' said robin. 'after the meal, i have a surprise for you.'the sheriff was not hungry. at the end of the meal, robin said, 'now give us everything you have - money, gold, jewels! then, take off all your clothes. get on your horse and return to nottingham naked!'robin, marian and the outlaws laughed wildly. the sheriff got on his horse and returned to nottingham. he was very cold and very angry.'i must capture that robin hood and destroy him!' shouted the sheriff. when he reached nottingham, the people saw him naked. everyone looked at him. they pointed at him and laughed loudly. 'long live robin hood, the sheriff of sherwood forest!' they cried.