beth was alone in a room with detective frieze. they looked through a window into another room where they could see beth's mother sitting at a table. they could see her but she couldn't see them. mr connors came into mrs morgan's room and gave her a cup of tea."that's him. that's the man who killed gerald.""i know, miss morgan, and if you don't want the same to happen to your mother, you'll help us make that formula you worked on."beth turned and tried to hit detective frieze. he caught her hand and held it behind her. simon kicked open the door to the room."let her go, frieze!"a group of army soldiers and a man in a long raincoat and a black hat were behind simon. the soldiers took frieze by the arms. simon put his arms around beth."what's going on here? colonel duncan, i don't understand.""you've gone too far, frieze. we can't have this kind of behaviour in our government.""i only tried to do what i was told.""no, you didn't! take him away!"the soldiers took him out of the room."simon, i don't understand.""your uncle lou. he sent the videotape to all the tv stations. frieze and his men are on every channel.""what about my mother?"they looked through the window and saw the soldiers holding mr connors."she'll be all right. everything will be all right."simon was back in his house, sitting at his desk. rocky was asleep at his feet. he still had the same sentences written on the paper in front of him:the wooden stairs made a strange noise when he walked on them; that's how he found their secret hiding place.the phone rang. it was beth."how's the detective story coming along?""i'm afraid i'm better at acting in detective stories than writing them.""well, the colonel seemed to think you were pretty smart!""yeah, but that's only because i had you on my side.""i'm serious. you should think about becoming something like a spy yourself.""let's talk about something else.""all right. if you can't think of anything more to write tonight, why don't you come over for dinner?""is it all right if i bring rocky? he doesn't like being left alone.""of course! i like him almost as much as i like you."simon hung up the phone with a smile on his face. he looked at his dog."rocky, my boy, it looks as if we're going to dinner!"