it was now after seven o'clock in the evening. the train from cairo had arrived at alexandria at half past two. perhaps pearson's murderer was already on a boat to beirut.'we must phone alexandria,' said salahadin to ahmed.salahadin picked up the telephone. he asked for the police at the docks in alexandria. after about ten minutes, the telephone rang. it was the call to alexandria.'this is salahadin ei nur speaking. i'm a police inspector and i want to speak to your chief.'the chief of the dock police came to the telephone. salahadin asked some questions and wrote the answers down in his notebook. here are his notes.a tall man with fair hair arrived at the docks at six o'clock.man was carrying a heavy box.he had a swedish passport.all the papers already sent to cairo.man said the box was full of books.box was not opened - police do not open every box.two boats had left alexandria after 4 30 p.m.a boat left at half past six for beirut.it's name - syria.man said he was going to beirut.the police did not see him getting on the boat for beirut.salahadin put down the telephone and looked at his notes for some time. then he spoke to ahmed.'pearson's murderer has gone to beirut,' he said. 'i'm sure of that.''then we can send a message to the boat,' said ahmed.'no, we won't do that,' said salahadin. 'we're not really certain. many men have fair hair and many men carry heavy boxes. i must meet him. i must speak to him.''but how can you do that?' asked ahmed. 'it's too late now. the boat has already left.''i can get to beirut before him,' replied salahadin. 'today is monday. the boat won't be in beirut until tomorrow evening. i can take an aeroplane.''and the plane takes only two hours,' said ahmed.that's right;' said salahadin. 'i'll take a plane tomorrow morning and i'll be in beirut before midday.'that's a good idea,' said ahmed. 'you can meet this man on the docks at beirut.''and now i must go. i've a lot to do,' said salahadin. 'i must book a seat on the aeroplane and get a ticket. i'll see you later. thanks for your help. goodbye.'