fritha looked at philip. he was changed. for the first time he was not ugly, but very beautiful.in the spring of 1940, the birds left the great marsh early and flew away to their summer homes in the north. something was happening in the world outside the great marsh. that something changed the lives of philip, fritha and the snow goose.it was the second world war.on the first day of may, philip and fritha watched as the last birds left the enclosure. the snow goose started to fly away too. but she did not fly with the others. she just flew around their heads a few times and landed back in the enclosure.'she isn't going!' said fritha, surprised. 'the princess is staying.''yes,' said philip.his voice was shaking, because he, too, was surprised.'she'll stay here now,' he said. 'she'll never fly away again. the lost princess isn't lost now. she's decided to stay. this will be her home now.'as he spoke these words, philip thought: 'and fritha comes and goes from the lighthouse. she's like the snow goose. but i like it when she comes. her visits make me happy.'philip looked at fritha. she was a young woman now.and suddenly he knew that he loved her.but he could not tell fritha about his love for her. he did not frighten her now. he knew that. but it was unpleasant for her to look at him. he knew that too. so his loving words for her stayed locked in his heart. but his loving feelings towards her showed clearly in his eyes.fritha turned to philip when he finished speaking. she could see that he was lonely. but she could also see a look in his eyes that she could not understand. the sadness and gentleness in them made her unhappy inside herself. she could not find any words to say to him. she looked away.for some minutes neither of them spoke.at last fritha said, 'i... i must go. i'm glad that the princess is staying. now you won't be so lonely.'she walked away from him quickly, and only half-heard him say sadly, 'goodbye, fritha.'when she was far away, she stopped. she turned and she looked back at the lighthouse. he was still standing in the same place, watching her. after a minute or two, she turned towards the village and walked slowly home, away from the lighthouse and the man outside it.it was a little more than three weeks before fritha returned to the lighthouse. by then it was the end of may. she wanted to know if the snow goose really did stay at the lighthouse. she came in the early evening, when the moon was already in the eastern sky.she saw a yellow light shining from the place where philip kept his boat. she hurried down to the river.the boat was moving gently from side to side in the water. philip was putting drinking water, food, clothes and another sail into it. he heard her coming and turned round. his face was pale but his dark eyes were excited.fritha saw what he was doing. she immediately forgot about the snow goose.'philip! are you going away?' she asked.he stopped working to greet her. she saw from the look of excitement in his eyes that he was doing something very urgent and important.'fritha! i'm glad that you've come,' he said. 'yes, i must go away. a little journey.''a journey?' she said.'yes,' he said. 'i'll come back when i can.''where must you go?' she asked.his words poured out now.'i must go to dunkirk, 160 kilometres across the channel,' he said. 'british soldiers are waiting there on the beaches - waiting to die. the germans are moving nearer and nearer all the time.''how do you know this?' she asked.'i heard about it when i was in the village,' he said. 'the british can't move. they have the sea in front of them, and the german soldiers behind them. dunkirk is on fire. there's little hope for them. the government in london has asked everyone with a boat to sail across the channel. they want us to take as many soldiers as possible off the beaches. they want us to take them out to the big boats in the deeper water.''and you are going,' said fritha.'yes,' said philip. 'i'm going to take my little boat across the channel, fritha. i must. i can take six men, perhaps seven, each time i sail from the beach to one of the large ships. do you understand now that i have to go?'fritha was a simple country girl who did not understand about war. she did not know what was happening to the soldiers on the beaches of france. she only knew that this journey was dangerous for philip. she was afraid.'philip, must you go?' she cried.'yes,' he said softly. 'i must.''you won't come back!' she cried. 'why must it be you?'philip began to speak gently to her. there was no excitement in his voice now. he explained why he had to help the men at dunkirk. he spoke slowly, because he wanted her to understand.'those soldiers are like the birds that we've helped here,' he said. 'many of them are hurt, like the lost princess who you brought to me. they are afraid, and they need help, my dear, like the birds. i can do something for them.' he smiled. 'at last i can be a man and help in this terrible war.'fritha looked at philip. he was changed. for the first time she saw that he was not ugly, but very beautiful. she wanted to tell him this, but she could not find the words. she remembered the look that she saw in his eyes a few weeks before. now she knew what it was.it was love.suddenly she cried, 'i'll go with you, philip!'philip shook his head. 'no,' he said. 'if you come, you'll take a soldier's place in the boat. do you understand? no, i must go alone.'he put on a rubber coat and boots, and climbed into the boat. 'goodbye, fritha,' he said. 'look after the birds until i return to the lighthouse.'as he sailed away, he turned. he waved to her. she waved back, but she was unhappy.'i'll look after them, philip,' she replied.it was night now. the moon was bright, and there were stars in the sky. fritha watched the boat sail out to sea. suddenly, from the darkness behind her, came the sound of wings. something flew past her into the air! fritha looked up and saw the snow goose flying into the night sky. it went round the lighthouse once, then it flew out to sea - after philip's boat. when it reached the little boat, it flew above it in slow, wide circles.'look after him, princess!' called fritha.she watched the white sail and the white bird for a long time. then, at last, they disappeared into the night. fritha turned and walked slowly back to the empty lighthouse.the rest of the story about philip rhayader and the snow goose is in two parts. a soldier - private potton - tells one part.private potton was with the first 200 soldiers who arrived home from dunkirk. a boat carried them across the channel. newspaper reporters from the times, the evening news, the daily sketch and the daily express were waiting for them when they arrived in england.the reporters came from london. they wanted the story of the men's escape from dunkirk, but many of the soldiers were hurt, or they were too tired to talk to the reporters.but not private potton. he went with some others to a pub and was happy to tell his story to everyone. and the reporters were very happy to listen. they wrote down every word that he said.suddenly one of them asked: 'what do you mean... "it was hopeless"?'potton turned to answer him. 'listen. there we were, on that beach, with no place to go to. the germans were behind us and the sea was in front of us. that's right, isn't it, jock? jock was there, too.'the man next to potton said, 'yes, that's right.''the shooting came at us from all sides... from the air, too, as the planes flew low over the beaches,' continued potton. 'we all lay on that beach and put our hands over our heads. the noise was terrible! you couldn't hear yourself speak, could you, jock?''that's right,' said jock.'there was smoke everywhere,' continued potton. 'it was so thick at times - you could almost taste it. and out at sea we could hear the fighting between the german planes and the british warships.'we waited for them to hit us. we were too sick and tired to move. and less than a kilometre out at sea was the boat, the kentish maid. i know that boat well. she always sailed out from margate in the summer. i've been on her, many times, when i was on holiday in margate. well, there she was, waiting to take us home to dear old england. but we couldn't swim out to her, and she couldn't come in nearer to us.''then suddenly, through the smoke, this goose came. yes, a goose! i couldn't believe my eyes. but jock saw it too, didn't you, jock?''i did,' said jock. 'it was white and it went round and round in circles above our heads.''jock shouted out, "it means death for all of us",' said potton. 'but i shouted back, "it means good luck." then through the thick smoke comes the man - sailing in this little boat.''what man?' asked a reporter from the times.'the man who saved us!' said private potton. 'he came sailing near the beach. he took no notice of the guns and bombs. in he sailed, like a man out sailing on a sunday afternoon!'but he was a strange-looking man, wasn't he, jock?''strange, yes,' said jock.'he had a beard, a thin and twisted left arm, and a hunched back,' continued potton. 'he was guiding the boat with his good hand.'he waved us out to his boat and shouted to our officer, "i can take seven men at a time!" our officer thanked him and told the nearest seven of us to get in.'jock and i were two of those seven, so we pushed through the water to the boat. but it was hard work, even that short way, wasn't it, jock?''yes,' said jock. 'when we reached the boat we were so tired. we couldn't even climb over the side. but the man was strong, and he pulled us in.''he told us to lie in the bottom of the boat,' said potton. 'then we sailed away. when i looked at the sail i was surprised. how did the boat move? the sail was full of holes from the shooting!'and up there, over our heads, that goose flew round and round and round. never stopped, did it, jock?''no,' said jock."there, that goose does mean good luck!" i said to jock. when the man heard me, at the back of the boat, he looked up at the goose. and he smiled. "he knows her!" i thought to myself.'we got to the kentish maid and climbed up on her. then the man and the goose turned round and went back to the beach for seven more soldiers. he made journeys all afternoon and all night, too. he could see at night because dunkirk was on fire: it lit up the sky! i don't know how many journeys he made. he was very tired. but he didn't stop, did he, jock?''he didn't,' said jock.'there was also a large boat from the thames sailing club and a big boat from poole. those two boats brought all of us off that beach without losing a man.'the kentish maid sailed when the last man was off the beach. there were more than 700 of us on a boat that was built for 200.'the man was still there when we left. he waved goodbye to us and then sailed off towards dunkirk - that goose with him. ooh - it was strange to see that big goose flying round and round the little sailing boat.'we don't know who he was. we don't know what happened to him. but he was a good man, he was. he saved our lives, didn't he, jock?''he did,' said jock.commander keith emerson also helped british soldiers escape from dunkirk. at an officers' club in brook street, london, he told his story.at four o'clock one morning, the telephone woke him, and someone asked him to take a boat across the channel to dunkirk. the slow but strong boat pulled four big thames river boats along behind it. with these boats, the commander crossed the channel many times to save the soldiers on the beaches.'did you hear that strange story about a wild goose?' one of the commander's friends asked. 'they were telling the story up and down the beaches, and some of the returning men were talking about it. they said, "it came between dunkirk and la panne. if you see it, you'll be safe."''hmm,' said the commander, 'a wild goose, you say? i saw a white goose and it was lucky for us, too. i'll tell you about it.'we were on our way back from dunkirk. it was our third journey back. at about six o'clock we saw a small sailing boat. there seemed to be a man or a body in it - and this white goose was standing on one of the sides. i decided to have a look. when we got nearer, i saw a man lying in the bottom of the boat - a man with a beard. the poor man was dead - shot many times.'when we were next to the boat, one of my men tried to put his hand on the side. but the goose hit him with her wings. he couldn't get near.suddenly one of the men with me shouted and pointed to something in the water. it was a mine! it was lucky for us that we went to look at that boat. that's why i'm not dead now!'when all our boats were past the mine, our men shot at it. there was a very loud bang! we looked for the sailing boat, but it wasn't there. it went down when the mine went off. i'm afraid that the man went with his boat. the goose was in the air. she was flying round in circles above the place where the boat went down. she flew round three times, like someone saying goodbye. then she flew away to the west. it was very strange and a little sad,' said the commander, as he finished his story.after philip went to france, fritha stayed at the lighthouse on the great marsh. she looked after the birds that could not fly away. she was waiting for something. but she did not know what she was waiting for. during the first days after philip left, she watched at the sea wall for his boat. but the days passed and philip did not return. she spent some days looking in the rooms of the lighthouse. in one room she found philip's paintings. there were pictures of that wild and empty country around the lighthouse, and of the beautiful birds that came there.and there was a painting of fritha. she was still a child in the picture. it was her first day at the lighthouse, and she was standing at the lighthouse door. she held the snow goose in her arms.'it's strange,' fritha thought. 'this is the only painting of the snow goose. the only picture of the lost, wild bird that brought philip and me together.'it was a beautiful picture. fritha could feel the love that went into the painting of it.long before the snow goose circled the lighthouse with a last goodbye, fritha knew. philip was not coming back.she was standing by the lighthouse one evening when she heard the bird's call. she ran to the sea wall and looked up into the red eastern sky. she saw the snow goose and looked down the river towards the sea. but she already knew that there was no hope. there was no little sailing boat. the snow goose was alone.then fritha knew that she loved philip. tears filled her eyes and poured down her face. as she watched the snow goose, she could hear philip's voice. it seemed to call to her, 'fritha, fritha, my love. goodbye, my love.''i love you, philip,' fritha said to herself.fritha waited for the snow goose to land in the enclosure. the other birds sent up welcoming calls to her. she came down very low, but she flew up again into the sky. she circled the lighthouse once and then climbed higher into the sky.fritha watched the snow goose. she did not see it as a bird. she saw it as philip's last goodbye before he disappeared for ever.she put out her arms, high into the sky, and cried: 'goodbye, philip! goodbye!'she stopped crying. then she watched in silence for a long time after the snow goose disappeared. at last she went into the lighthouse and found philip's picture of her and the snow goose. she held it to her chest and walked home slowly along the old sea wall.each night, for many weeks after that, fritha went to the lighthouse. she fed the birds that could not fly. then, early one morning, a german aeroplane flew over the lighthouse. the pilot made a mistake. he thought that he had to bomb the lighthouse. the plane flew high into the sky and then down towards the lighthouse. it dropped its bombs. after a minute there was nothing there. the lighthouse, and everything in it, was destroyed.fritha came in the evening to feed the birds. she was walking along the path and stopped suddenly. where was the lighthouse? where was the enclosure? the sea covered the place where the lighthouse stood the day before.