dorothy lives in a small gray house in kansas with her uncle henry, aunt em and little dog, toto. everything in kansas is gray. there are no trees or flowers, but there are cyclones'. cyclones are very strong winds. they can sometimes blow people and houses away.one day uncle henry looks at the gray sky. he says, "a cyclone is coming! we must go to the cellar!""come with us quickly, dorothy!" says aunt em.they run to the door of the cellar but toto is afraid. he runs into the bedroom and under the bed. dorothy runs after him."leave toto and come to the cellar now!" cries aunt em.dorothy picks toto up and runs to the door of the cellar. but at that moment something strange happens.the cyclone is very strong and it picks the house up and takes it, with dorothy and toto inside, into the sky. uncle henry and aunt em can only watch from the cellar.the house flies and flies in the sky for many hours. dorothy and toto are alone and afraid. after some time they become very tired and they fall asleep. when they wake up, the house is on the ground. everything is quiet. dorothy opens the door quietly and goes out. it is a sunny day and she sees tall trees and beautiful flowers everywhere."this isn't kansas, toto," says dorothy, "where are we? and who are those people?" dorothy can see three short men and an old woman. the men are wearing blue hats, blue clothes and blue shoes. the old woman is wearing a beautiful white dress.she looks at dorothy and says, "we're very happy. you bring good luck. the wicked witch of the east is dead!the munchkins are her people. they're happy now because she's dead. thank you, dear girl."dorothy is surprised, "i don't understand," she says.the old woman and the munchkins smile at her."look! the wicked witch of the east is under your house," says the old woman, "look! you can see her feet."dorothy sees two feet with silver shoes under her house. she jumps back in surprise.the old woman takes the silver shoes from the wicked witch's feet and gives them to dorothy."they're your shoes now. you must wear them because a witch's shoes can do great things.""but are you a witch, too?" asks dorothy."yes, i'm the witch of the north. i'm a good witch.""a good witch? i don't understand. where are we?" says dorothy."we're in the land of oz. here in the land of oz there are four witches," says the witch of the north, "the witches of the north and south are very good witches. but the wicked witches of the east and the west are very bad witches. now the wicked witch of the east is dead. there's only one wicked witch, the wicked witch of the west.""can you please help me go home to kansas?" asks dorothy."kansas? where's kansas?" asks the good witch, "i'm sorry but i can't help you. you must go and see the wizard of oz in the emerald city. he's a good wizard and he can help you.""where is the emerald city?" asks dorothy."it is far away. you must walk there," says the good witch."can you come with me?" asks dorothy."no, i can't come with you. but i can give you my kiss," says the good witch.she gives dorothy a kiss on her forehead.her kiss is special and looks like a little red flower."now nothing can hurt you," says the good witch, "the yellow brick road goes to the emerald city. follow the yellow brick road. goodbye, my dear.""goodbye," says dorothy. she goes to her house and puts some bread in a basket. then she puts on a clean dress and the wicked witch's silver shoes. "let's go to the emerald city, toto!" she says.