the four friends walk all day. in the evening they see some little green houses and some little people in green clothes. "everything's green,'' says dorothy, "we're near the emerald city."soon they come to a big green door. it opens slowly, and they see a little man in green clothes and green glasses."we want to see the wizard of oz, please," says dorothy."ok. follow me," says the little man, "but first put these on."he opens a big box and inside there are lots of pairs of green glasses."you must wear these glasses. everybody in the emerald city wears them."so they put on the glasses and go into the emerald city.they stop in front of the palace of oz. a man opens the door."follow me," he says. he takes them into a big green room, "now wait here until i call you." when he returns he says, "the wizard wants to see the girl first."dorothy goes into a beautiful room. on a green chair there is only a very big head, without a body, arms or legs.she is surprised and afraid."i am oz," says the big head, "who are you and what do you want?""i'm dorothy and i want to go home to kansas. i don't know the way. can you help me, please?"the big eyes open and close. then the mouth opens and speaks."perhaps i can help you. but first you must kill the wicked witch of the west.""oh, no!" says dorothy, "i don't want to kill anyone.""the wicked witch of the east is dead. you're wearing her silver shoes. now go and kill the wicked witch of the west.""how can i kill the wicked witch of the west?" she asks,"where is she?"the head does not answer. dorothy leaves the room and the scarecrow goes in.but the scarecrow does not see a big head: he sees a beautiful woman."oh, great oz, please give me a brain," says the scarecrow."first you must kill the wicked witch of the west," says oz.the tin woodman enters the green room. he sees an ugly monster with five eyes, five arms and five legs."oh, great oz, please give me a heart," says the tin woodman."first, you must help dorothy and the scarecrow kill the wicked witch of the west," says oz.the tin woodman leaves the room and the lion goes in. he sees a big ball of fire. he is afraid!"oh, great oz, please give me courage," says the lion."i can only give you courage when the wicked witch of the west is dead."when the friends meet, they talk about the strange wizard."now we must find the wicked witch of the west and kill her," says dorothy."yes, we must!" they all say.the friends leave the emerald city to find the wicked witch of the west. on their way out they give their glasses to the little man at the gate.dorothy asks him, "where is the wicked witch of the west? we must find her.""she lives in the land of the winkies," he says, "you must walk to the west. be careful! she is very bad and everyone is afraid of her."so dorothy, the scarecrow, the tin woodman, the lion and toto start walking to the west. they walk for a long time.above them in her castle the wicked witch of the west watches them. the wicked witch has a magic eye and can see everything."who are those people on my road?" she says angrily.