the sun has dropped behind the trees and rocks above the farm. the room is dark now. elise lies in the darkness, but her eyes are open. the farm is not far from izieu. she can hear the church clock as it sounds three. she looks at the sleeping children. forty- four of them, safe, but never safe.the pictures in her heat are keeping her awake; pictures that she has seen in dad's books. she can hear dad's voice: 'some trains went from compiegne. we stayed there three years ago, remember? when things were all right with your mum. from compiegne they were taken to the camp at dachau. hundreds of them were dead when they arrived.''why?''illness, no food - they were pushed in together like animals. no, worse than animals!'dad got very angry when he talked of these things. 'how- many days can you live without sitting down? without a toilet? and, worst of all, without any water?'elise remembered the french children from pictures in dad's book. they wore prison clothes, and their heads were shaved. it did not matter if they were old or young, male or female, healthy or sick. they were shown no kindness.'the nazis called it the "final solution",' said dad. 'was no one kind?' elise asked her father when she saw the pictures. 'not one person?''oh yes, a few,' he said. 'like schindler. remember the film? but never enough people.'***'i must get out,' elise thinks now. 'dad, help me!' suddenly she thinks, 'did all this happen because of him?'***she remembers times when mum was angry with him: 'i'm tired of following you around war graves and concentration camps. it's not healthy!'her mother's final solution was simple. she walked out and left them. but it wasn't a solution, was it? not for elise, or for her father.elise remembered her father's answer. 'not healthy? can't we remember the millions who died? can't we fight for a better world? must we forget?''i never said that,' elise's mother told him. 'but we can fight for a better world without crying in front of war memorials.''that's not all that i do. i protest - i go on marches-''and who did that help? you were arrested.''you protested too!'***elise thinks about eloise. in her thoughts, she asks eloise, 'did you have the same problem with your parents?' she also has silent words for dad: 'you should be here now, not me.'but she has a plan. a dangerous one for everybody, perhaps, but she has to do it.during the afternoon, elise has seen that the farm is built into the hillside. the ground outside climbs up steeply from right to left.this end of the building opens on to the shortest drop from a window. it is time now for her final solution - her only solution. go! go, now! don't wait. this is you, and this is also eloise. remember? eloise likes to go off alone.but can eloise really leave her friends? 'i'm not eloise!'no one can help her now. she is not part of this history. but she must act now, or she will be lost in this time for ever. there will be eloise, but no elise.go!elise passes between the children. she stops at the end window. pale moonlight comes through, and she looks at herself in the glass. 'i thought that ghosts could not see themselves in mirrors,' she thinks. 'that proves i'm not a ghost.'the window is too cold and too hard; this cannot be a dream.it is difficult to open. she hurts her hand trying. will it open? has it ever opened?elise looks behind her. is one of the children watching her? perhaps stefan. 'i can say that i need air. it's so hot in here,' she thinks.at last the window moves! but the noise! she looks at the children, but no one moves. she can just see their faces in the darkness. they will be in her memory for ever, like dad's pictures of the concentration camps.but perhaps it will all end differently - a story with a happy ending. perhaps british or american soldiers will stop the lorries as they move through france. who will ever know?for a full minute, elise waits. she cannot move - her feelings of pity for these new friends are too great. and there is also in her heart a sudden love for them.does eloise love stefan? does elise?she remembers that morning's image in the town square of izieu. the image of the children climbing into an army lorry. she understands now. sabina is working so hard to hide the children. but she will fail. by accident or on purpose, someone has told the gestapo about their hiding place.elise pushes the window open. 'when i've gone, the children won't remember me, 'she tells herself. 'i don't exist in their time - not on 5 april 1944.'she cannot see the ground. she won't be able to see it until she is almost out of the window. she won't be able to change her mind - to go back.she jumps... she is falling. the ground is far below her.elise hits the ground. she hears the crack! of her foot before the pain from her fall shoots up her leg. she wants to scream with the pain. and more pain is coming from her chest.'you can't scream,' she tells herself. 'you'll wake the children in the house. they'll call sabina and she'll lock me in. stefan will look at me and say, "how could you go and leave us?"'so elise puts her hand into her mouth. she tastes blood. the voice that said 'go now!' says softly, 'all this is not really happening.''oh no? tell that to my foot and my chest!'she orders herself to move, but her body does not want to know her. she is shaking with pain. move! how? on hands and knees!'they tell you to do this in the camps,' she remembers. 'and if you don't, they pull you along. to the shower rooms. they order you to take off your clothes. throw your shoes on the pile. nice showers after a long journey. not me!' move!her chest screams with pain. 'how far can you get like this? you won't even reach the corner, and they'll find you in the morning. you'll be the first person that they put on the lorry.'now elise's arms and hands, and her good leg, are working for her. she has moved on to dry ground. she wants to get far away from the window. she will have to live with the pain. this will not kill her, not yet. but she cannot look again at the children's faces. they trusted her.she is moving faster now. suddenly she thinks, 'did eloise tell the germans about their hiding place?' and then, 'will sabina, stefan and the children think i told the germans?' she begins to cry. 'no, no!' she is talking to eloise now. 'i won't believe it. you're honest and good, i know it. different, yes, but good.'at last elise gets round the corner. there is a soft wind here, coming off the hills. 'i need something to walk with,' she thinks. she looks around her. the moon is out, and the stars. it is a beautiful night. too beautiful for all this.she sees something against the wall in front of her. it is a large fork. elise uses it to help her walk. in front of her and up the hill are trees and rocks that she can hide in. from the top of the hill there will be a wonderful view over the river. but the children will never see it. and the river will not stop moving. it knows nothing of people's happiness or pain.elise continues, taking small steps. the fork is a good 'leg', but it doesn't like hills.'what will i tell dad? he'll have to take me to hospital. well here's a story for your notebook, dad. i'll have to stay in the house. carol won't like that. she'll have to stop painting and feed me with hot soup. but then i won't have to be silent all the time. and you - wait! you are crazy! this isn't stephen country. it's stefan country. it's 5 april 1944. or, no - this pain! - it's 6 april.'she remembers the other stefan. the mysterious boy on the church steps. 'why was he afraid of me? now i know!'i need a place to lie down. i must sleep - rest.' elise falls over a stone. the fork catches behind her good leg and she falls... she is too tired to protect herself. she falls on to soft earth.