she watched him as he walked across the village square. he stopped and looked round. and then he ran.'lolinoz. i must remember the name,' she thought. she imagined a dusty brown farmhouse in the hills.but why did he hurry away like that? elise looked round. what frightened him? 'there's something strange about this place,' she thought.' carol noticed it too. she feels uncomfortable here - it's so quiet.'elise looked at the church. she thought about the stories that it could tell. it was hundreds of years old. what did it see in that time? she couldn't think of anything to do, so she opened the church door.it was colder inside and, yes - mysterious. at the cast end were three round windows. the colored glass of the centre window was very bright. it hurt her eyes to look at it. her father was right. it was a beautiful window. of course, he could stand and look at it for hours.elise sat down on one of the seats at the front and looked around her at the pictures and the flowers. she imagined ghosts. 'come and haunt me,' she said, and she spoke the words. 'if you don't, i'll die. this place is so boring. no? ok, don't then.'she thought about stefan. was he a friend? 'he's a strange boy, but he's got a thoughtful face. for a minute or two he was very friendly. then... i don't know. why are boys afraid of girls?'elise got tip and walked towards a side-room. against the tar wall was the wooden mother and child. she stood in front of it. she said softly,' you didn't leave your child for another man.' and then, more loudly, 'why can't i be angry with them? they've destroyed my life. dad, mum and now carol. i'm so unhappy!'she closed her eyes. she could smell the flowers. suddenly, she thought, 'this is silly. it won't help if i'm difficult with people.' she opened her eyes and looked at the beautiful spring flowers. she felt better, but tears began to run down her face.she thought: 'i can tell carol about the flowers. or will she- just say, "i don't paint flowers"?'she suddenly felt cold. even on a hot day these old churches were as cold as the grave.elise walked towards the north door. she was shaking. 'it isn't really very cold,' she told herself. she stopped at a table near the heavy wooden door. she decided to sign her name in the visitors' book.she opened the book. 'that's strange,' she thought. 'nobody's put their name in since - 1944!'was it a joke? she turned back a page. no, there weren't any signatures after 1944, but there were plenty before that. there were notes about the beautiful windows, and about the mother and child. one was dated 1939 - the year that the second world war began. it asked for god's protection. it ended: god help us!'dad will be interested in this,' elise thought. 'he'll spend the rest of the holiday studying it. perhaps that's why he brought his notebooks.'she looked again at the last note, and the name after it. she could not read the surname. but when she saw the first name, her eyes opened wide with surprise.the name in the visitors' book was similar to hers, but not the same: eloise.'i think i'll get out into the sunlight,' decided elise.she remembered the other words: god! help us!elise decided not to add her signature to the visitors' book. or not now. 'maybe if dad comes with me,' she thought.the silence of the church was broken by a woman's voice: 'eloise! you must come now.'elise did not hear the north door open...***...but the door is open now. a woman with straight grey hair is looking at her.'you must not walk in the village, eloise. it is not safe,' the woman is saying.elise moves towards the woman. she can't stop herself. 'i am not eloise - elise is my name. 'these words are in her head but she can't say them. the light is bad in the church. the woman has made a mistake.the woman puts a hand on her arm. 'why do you do these things - and risk everything?''risk? everything?''you must remember the rules, eloise.'they are going down the church steps into the street. everything looks different from here. you can't even see the war memorial.elise tries to pull away from the woman. 'i think i shall be all right now,' she says. she tries to be polite. in the sunlight the woman will realize her mistake,'you like to do what you want, my child, but-''yes, i do,' says elise. 'now, please leave me-''i can't leave you here. we will all die.'elise does not know the road that they are taking out of the village. the woman's hand holds tightly to elise's arm. she is taller than elise and stronger.'excuse me.' elise tries to stop, but the woman pulls her along the road.'to lolinoz - now!'elise remembers the name.'the farm?' she says.'of course, child,' says the woman.'where stefan lives?' asks elise.'where we all live, eloise,' says the woman. 'i sometimes think you are stupid.'how does she know my name? or almost my name.there are white rocks between the trees above them, and large black birds on the rocks and in the trees.'it's all right," elise says, pulling her arm away from the woman. she smiles. 'i'll come quietly.''won't stefan be surprised?' she thinks.the road is narrow. soon the spring plants will grow and hide these rock faces.suddenly the woman pushes elise off the road and into the trees. the sound of a car comes from the road in front of them.'don't move!' says the woman.'but -''don't move!'it is an old car, from years ago. it passes. the woman waits, but does not explain. then she takes elise back on to the road.she says, 'now you understand?'elise does not understand. she is frightened.elise remembers stories from the newspapers - stories of tourists murdered in the lonely french countryside. a woman who went out on a bicycle, for example, and was never seen again.she remembers her father's words: 'stay close to the village centre. always tell us where you're going.''lolinoz, dad! can you hear me?''stay calm''i'm afraid i can't stay long. i have to get back for lunch,' she says to the woman.the woman is not listening. they are coming to some farm buildings. the farmhouse is off the road, and is built of the same stone as the church. they do not take the main path to the front of the farmhouse. trees hide the road.'you've got animals, i think,' says elise. 'i like animals.' her voice tells her that she is nervous.suddenly, a high, windowless wall hides the sun. it is cold in the shadows.'where are we going?' she asks.no answer; but the strong hand is back on elises arm. she is walking past a door in the wall but is pulled back. the woman takes out a large key.'in, child,' she says.'i really think-' begins elise.the door opens on to a dark room and wooden stairs. there is an old smell of animals. the woman locks the door from the inside.elise moves back against the wall.'i really must ask you to explain,' she says.the woman does not answer. she pushes elise up the stairs, but this time the touch is more friendly, and there is almost a smile on the woman's face.'eloise, will you never accept the facts?' asks the woman.'where are you taking me?' elise says. 'i want to know. you've made a mistake. my name isn't eloise.''you're making me angry, girl,' answers the woman.'really?' says elise. 'well i'm glad. until you tell me-'the woman lifts her hand. she is going to hit elise across the face, but stops at the last second. the speed of it, the danger of it, frightens elise.'why fight?' she thinks. 'i'll find out what's happening soon.'