elise finds a dark corner and looks down from the window. below is a yard. she can just see the corner of the building opposite. between the farmhouse and another building she can see trees climbing steeply to walls of rock.'that's my path back to real life,' she thinks. 'if i stay here, perhaps i'll begin to forget my real life. i must tell myself - i am not here. this is not my time. how can it be?'elise is not left to her own thoughts. stefan comes and sits next to her.'sorry about that,' he begins. 'i mean-'she is not really angry with him. 'nobody likes it when they are called a spy.''i didn't-''but that's what you meant.' she speaks more kindly. 'isn't it?'he shakes his head. clearly there is something special between them. between stefan and eloise. he watches her. he is younger. but he seems to think that he is wiser.'you will not find your parents like that, eloise. it doesn't help to run away.''i wasn't running away. and my parents are perfectly all right, thank you.''so you really believe what sabina tells us all?' he says. elise is silent. 'we older ones know.''know? 'she thinks, 'i am so afraid. i can't get away from here. sabina has locked the downstairs door.' she says, 'eloise is not my name. and also-'she stops. the words will sound so silly.'we will probably never see our parents again,' continues stefan. 'we have been lucky here. but belley! that is close.'elise turns away. there are tears in her eyes. for herself, yes. but also for stefan and the children.'so what do we not tell the younger children?' she hears herself ask, but she knows the answer.'about the arrests,' says stefan.elise thinks: 'does stefan really know?' but she says, 'my parents haven't been arrested. i'm sure of it.' she is surprised at herself. is this elise talking, or eloise?'that is what you always say,' replies stefan. 'i understand. we all have our ways-''what do you mean?''we all have to live with this.''so what's your way?'stefan does not answer immediately. he is too calm for elise. 'what do you think is going to happen to you, stefan?' she asks.he looks at her strangely. 'why do you say "you"?' he says. 'if something happens to me, to us, it will happen to you too, eloise.'she is tired. she is frightened. without thinking, she says angrily, 'oh no, it won't. it won't. it can't. it's not possible. all this can't happen.'he does not understand. 'yes, it's difficult,' he says.'no, not difficult! it's not possible!'stefan does not look surprised when she is angry and unpleasant. perhaps eloise is like that. but elise does not want to be like that.she notices that outside it is beginning to get dark. she looks at stefan. 'he's the only person who can help me,' she decides. but if she tells him the true story, he will not believe her. how can he? she does not want to believe his true story. she smells dust. this is a different world. not the world of dad's rest after his heart attack. or of carol's oil paints. not the world of computers and tvs. this is a world where death is everywhere.now elise feels the terrible fear that stefan feels. the fear that die women feel, and the children. but it's worse for her because she knows. she knows some of the terrible things that are going to happen. the women and children do not.she can look back on all this from the future.she thinks about the danger that she is in. suddenly there is not enough air. she starts coughing. this is real fear. stefan moves closer to her. he thinks he understands. he takes her hand in his hand, and his touch is a help to her.she needs his help to save herself. they are both on their knees now, face to face. it feels good. she begins to speak slowly. 'stefan... there are things that i can't explain. but i want you to help me to get away from here.'his face, now in shadow, shows that he does not understand. 'alone?' he asks.'yes, alone,' says elise. 'i'm a danger to you all, you know that,' she says. 'sabina was right.'he seems very surprised. 'and the rest of us?' he shakes his head. 'no, we are all in this war together.'the words come out before she can stop herself: 'they won't want me.''not want you?' he says. 'what do you mean?''they won't want to take me,' she replies.'the gestapo?' stefan laughs. 'you think they won't take you? because you are pretty?''no, they won't want me!'too loud. can other people hear?'why are you so special suddenly?' he says.she shouts: 'if you must know - because i'm not a jew! 'the silence is full of ears. all eyes are turned on her. she feels she is falling... down... down... 'i have said the worst thing,' she thinks.stefan asks, 'so why have you hidden with us all this time? is your mother black? are there crazy people in your family? you are here for a reason.''it's a mistake,' she tells him. 'a terrible mistake.''we are all mistakes, eloise,' he says. 'because we are jews. that is why our dads and mums had to wear yellow stars on their coats. you told us about that, eloise. and you talked about us. you were one of us. and when you are one of us, you can't just stop being one of us. they come -''yes!' she shouts, angrily and without thinking. 'yes! they come after you. they catch you and put you on trains. they take you to the concentration camps. i know, i know!'she stops at the sound of her terrible words. 'i said the worst thing; but then i didn't stop,' she thinks.one of the younger children asks, 'what trains?'elise is silent. in front of the others, will stefan ask the worst question? the question about the worst thing? but the word goes round about trains.'what trains?''we are going on a train?''where to?''i love trains.''will it be safe?''what does madame sabina say?'elise feels stefan's eyes on her. it is the other question that he is asking in his silence. she wants to get away from him - from them. 'it's just something that i heard,' she says.'who from?''i forget.''who told you about the trains?'a child asks, 'will they take all of us?''my mother and i counted the trains that went past our house,' says another child.stefan tries to turn the thoughts of the younger ones away from journeys to strange places. 'we are safe here,' he says. 'if we stay very quiet, there will be no trains.'he is thinking like an adult, but the others act like children.'why can't we go on a train?''it's boring here all the time.'a child becomes a train, is the child who likes trains. she moves her arms and makes the right noises. 'choo-choo-choo!' she goes slowly at first, then faster. the other children follow her. they put their hands round the waist of the child in front until the 'train' is halfway down the room.'where shall we go?''marseilles!''choo-choo-choo!''london!''choo-choo-choo!''new york!''to the seaside!''to the mountains!'the train of children moves happily round the room. it stops sometimes to pick up more passengers. elise is left alone with stefan.'what do you know?' he asks her. 'did someone tell you something in the village today?''i spoke to no one,' she says. 'but you know something,' he says.elise shakes her head. 'i've no idea what happened to you!' she says. she is talking about history now. it happened before she was born.stefan does not understand her. 'we have all talked about what happened to us,' he says. 'no, i mean-' elise stops.now stefan asks, 'concentration camps? what are they?' elise thinks quickly. what story can she tell him? 'but he'll look into my eyes and he'll know,' she thinks. 'he'll ask questions until he knows.''i feel sick,' she says. 'have you got some water?' stefan crosses the room to a table near the stairs. he returns with a bottle of water. he pours the water into a glass and looks at elise. he is trying to understand her.'he's a clever boy, but how can he understand me?' she thinks. she drinks the water.'merci' she says. 'you're kind. and i'm sorry i said those things.''then rest,' he says. they are friends again. he kisses her. 'perhaps tomorrow the english will come, or the americans. what do you think?''they'll come,' she replies softly, and she thinks: 'but will they be too late?'