anna waited for some news about mr riseman. she remembered greta gordon. the film star had visited the corner shop. later, there was news about her in a magazine. mike bailey had visited the corner shop too. later, there was a lot of news about him on tv. and now mr riseman had visited the corner shop. anna was waiting for some news about him.all three visitors had been special customers. they had all seen dave. they had all been in the special orders room, and they had all left something with dave. greta gordon had left her diamond rings. mike bailey had left his case. mr riseman had left his briefcase.anna wanted to find out more about the three 'special customers". she thought about mr riseman. his case had the letters a.r.i.c.s. on it. she understood 'a.r.' but what was 'i.c.s.'? perhaps mr riseman was a businessman and 'i.c.s.' was his company?anna looked in the newspapers. but she did not find anything about 'i.c.s.' she read the magazines. she listened to the radio. she watched tv. but there was nothing about 'i.c.s.'. anna heard nothing. she saw nothing.then she had an idea. she decided to go to london and find arthur riseman.it was a friday. early in the morning, she left a note for dave. she took the note to the shop.'dear dave,' it said, 'sorry i can't come in today. i'm going to lidney. i'm buying some things for my wedding. anna.'the note did not tell the truth, but anna did not care.anna took a bus to lidney and then caught a train to london. she got to paddington station at midday.she got off the train and looked for a telephone box. the telephones were near to the entrance to the station but the boxes were all full.she stood and waited.then anna saw the letters 'i.c.s.' there they were! they were on a huge advertisement. anna had found the answer to her problem.international computer services! i.c.s. perhaps that was mr riseman's company.soon one of the phone boxes was empty. anna rang the number 222 8959.'i.c.s. can i help you?' said a woman's voice.'yes, please,' said anna. 'i want to speak to mr riseman. mr arthur riseman. i think he works at i.c.s.'the woman laughed. 'works here? yes, he does!' she said. 'he's the vice chairman of the company. wait one moment, please. i'll get his secretary.'then there was another woman's voice on the phone.'mr riseman's secretary. can i help you?''yes, please,' said anna. 'i'd like to speak to mr riseman.''who's calling, please?' said the secretary.'mr riseman doesn't know my name,' anna replied.'is mr riseman expecting your call?' the secretary asked.'no, he isn't,' said anna.'i'm afraid he can't speak to you now,' said the secretary. 'he's at a meeting now and he's flying to switzerland in an hour's time.''but i must speak to him for a few minutes,' said anna.the secretary became annoyed. 'that's impossible,' she said. 'but i can take a message.''no, thanks,' said anna. 'i'll call again next week. will mr riseman be back then?''yes, he will,' replied the secretary. 'goodbye.' and she put the phone down.anna had found mr riseman's company. but she had not spoken to him.anna spent the afternoon in london. she went to see a film. then she had tea in a small cafe near paddington station. her train left london at half past six. she bought an evening newspaper, and got on the train.anna was tired, but she felt happy. after a few minutes, she looked at her newspaper. anna was waiting for some news. there it was, on the front page:private plane crash near londonsix dead: all from icsprivate plane crash near london. six dead: all from ics.six people were killed this afternoon in a plane crash at enfield, near london. the plane was flying to switzerland.the passengers were all from international computer services (ics). among them was mr. alfred gluck, the chairman of ics.mr. arthur riseman, vice chairman of ics, told us, 'i'm lucky to be alive. i was at a meeting today. the meeting went on for a long time and i didn't catch the plane.'mr. riseman will probably be the new chairman of ics.