anna did not know what to do. she was only seventeen, but sometimes she felt much older. she wanted to ask dave about mike bailey and greta gordon. she wanted to know about special orders. she decided to wait.one day, dave and anna were alone in the shop.'how's peter?' asked dave.'he's fine, thanks,' said anna.dave smiled. 'is he still playing football?''of course he is,' said anna.dave laughed. 'you don't see him very much, do you, anna?''i see him three or four times a week,' said anna.'what about weekends?' dave asked.anna replied quickly. 'i don't see him much at weekends. he plays football then.''when are you getting married?' asked dave.'i don't know,' she replied. 'we haven't decided yet. perhaps next year.''that's a long time.' dave smiled at anna. anna felt afraid. she also felt excited. she did not know why.'sometimes you're bored, anna, aren't you?' said dave. he looked into her eyes.'yes,' said anna. 'that's true.''why don't you come away with me for a weekend,' said dave. 'we can go to london.'a weekend in london! anna had only been to london once, for a day.anna was excited, but she was also afraid. 'i don't know,' she said. 'i must think of peter.''oh, forget him,' said dave. 'he'll never know. come with me and we'll go to the best shops. we'll go to the best cinema. will you come with me?'anna said nothing. suddenly, she had an idea. she looked at dave.'perhaps i'll come with you,' she said.'good!' said dave. 'that's great!''but first,' said anna. 'i want to ask you something.''what do you want to know?' he said quietly.'i want to know about your special orders.''very clever,' said dave. 'you're a village girl, but you're very clever, anna!''village girls aren't stupid,' said anna. 'now tell me about your special orders. then i'll come to london with you.'dave was angry. 'one question - you can ask me one question,' he said.quickly, anna asked: 'why do people come to you? why...''one question! only one!' shouted dave.'all right!' said anna. 'but don't shout. tell me. why do people come to see you?'dave thought about his answer. he spoke quietly. 'they come for help,' he said. 'they need help. and i give - no, i sell help to them. that's all!'anna did not understand. 'what sort of help?' she asked. 'one question!' shouted dave. 'i've answered your question.'anna said no more. she and dave had made an agreement. anna had asked her question. dave had answered it. dave had invited anna to london for the weekend. and anna went with him.