elise wakes up and the pain is the same. it is early morning and there is a pale sun in the sky.'i can't get away from here,' she thinks. 'dad will miss me. and he did tell me: in this beautiful countryside, there are murderers...that's true than you realize, dad. and what will carol think? wasn't she cold towards me? didn't she want me to live with my mum? perhaps people are looking for me already. oh please find me before it's too late!'she checks her state of health. she has slept on her left side. her chest hurts. she tries to move, but then her head hurts. she exercises her neck.'i can do it,' she tells herself. 'i've got to.' she smells the fresh grass. it gives her hope. and from somewhere above her she hears the birds singing. 'i've got to get away. but where to?'she is not safe - she is too near the farm. she reaches for the fork. 'i must get into the trees, and lie down.'suddenly there are sounds from the village. the sounds of lorries!elise pulls herself towards a low wall of rock.the lorries are leaving the road now and stopping in the yard. soldiers jump out of the back. an officer steps down from the front of one. he shouts orders. the gestapo have finished their work at belley. now it is the turn of izieu.elise forgets the pain in her foot and chest. she stands up now. the yard is full of soldiers, holding guns.sabina? there is no sabina. was no one on guard last night? what happened to the careful eyes of cerberus?at the far end of the building, a ground-floor window has opened. someone drops into the shadows at the side of the yard. one will escape. to tell the story.the children are brought down. some of them are only half-dressed. there are adults with them too. they are ordered into the lorries. elise can see their faces; serious, pale and tired. no questions, no tears. the gates of the lorries are shut and locked.the officer is giving an order to someone that elise cannot see. he speaks in french.'eloise understands: 'we will stop in the village. we will show the children to the village people. then they will understand that the gestapo knows everything. if anyone protests, shoot them.'as quickly as they came, the lorries leave. there are no children now at the farm of lolinoz. but one got away. was it stefan?inside her head, elise talks to the children. 'someone told the germans about you...'strange, but the foot doesn't hurt now. there is only an ache, like the ache in her heart. 'i must hurry,' she says to herself. 'dad likes us all to sit together at lunch.'but not this way, not past the farm. no. the path above her goes up and down between white rocks. it goes into the village from behind the church.poor sabina. she will return this evening, walking up the road as usual. will the farmer tell her? or will he be too afraid to look at her?'it was the girl!' is that what they will say? 'people saw her in the village. she probably picked up a phone. who told the gestapo? how will we ever know? eloise - she was trouble. and she wasn't jewish, remember.'as she climbs the hill above the valley, elise looks back at the farm. there is no sign that there were children there. but elise will tell the story of the children of lolinoz; the ghosts of izieu.