'without mary and the dolls, the money will end.' but what was killing mary? i still did not know.i discovered more about mary during my next few visits. her name was mary nolan. when she was fifteen years old, she was in a bad car crash. her mother and father were killed and mary was very badly hurt. the car crash was the reason for her twisted leg.rose callamit offered to look after mary. the law finally agreed because there was no other person to look after the young girl. rose always thought that mary s father was a rich man. then she learned that there was only a small amount of money. after that she was unkind to mary. she made her very unhappy.mary was never able to forget her leg. her aunt seemed to say: 'no man will love you. you will never get married and have children. no man wants a wife with a twisted leg.'the years passed, and mary began to believe her aunt. she stayed with her. she did what her aunt wanted her to do. she could see no reason to leave her aunt. so she lived an unhappy life, without hope.then mary started to make the dolls.rose callamit saw how lovely the dolls were. she soon realized that she could sell them for a lot of money. she was right. after she sold a few, she decided. mary must work on them every day of the week, from morning until night.rose did not love mary, but the girl produced hundreds of dolls over the years. rose was happy to take the money for them. but now mary was ill and rose immediately said to herself, 'without mary and the dolls, the money will end.'but what was killing mary? i still did not know.i could see that she was afraid of her aunt. but it wasn't that. and i couldn't ask mary, because her aunt was always with us. mary found it difficult to say anything to me with rose in the room.i did not tell mary that perhaps i could make her leg straight. it was more important to discover why she didn't want to continue living.i told mary to stop working on the dolls, and i brought her some books and some chocolates. for ten days she seemed to get better.during my next visit, she smiled at me for the first time.'that's better!' i said. i was very pleased to see her happy face. 'you must leave the dolls alone for another ten days. i don't want you to work. i want you to rest, sleep and read. then we'll see.'but i could see that rose was unhappy at these words.when i called again, she was waiting for me in her room.'you don't need to come any more, doctor amony,' she said, coldly.'but mary must not-' i started to say.'mary is much better now,' she said quickly. 'goodbye, doctor.'my eyes went to the box in the corner of the room.there were three new dolls lying on top of it.their faces were as lovely as ever, but they had the look of death on them.suddenly i was frightened for mary. i knew that rose callamit was lying. i wanted to push this woman out of the way and crash through the door and see mary. but i was a doctor. when doctors are told to leave, they have to go.i still did not know what mary's problem was. but i guessed that rose was asking another doctor to call.so, sadly, i left. but i couldn't forget mary. i continued to worry about her in the days that followed.not long after this i became ill. it wasn't much at first. but as the days passed it seemed to get worse. i visited a doctor friend.'i can find nothing wrong with your body,' he said. 'perhaps you work too hard.'but i knew that this wasn't the reason.i continued to get worse. i didn't want to eat and i lost weight. i began to look thin and pale. i felt tired, but i didn't sleep well at night. i sometimes dreamed that i saw mary. she was calling to me for help, while rose callamit was holding her in her ugly arms.i thought about mary all the time. 'i wasn't able to help her,' i thought.'she wanted me to help her and i did nothing.'one night i couldn't sleep at all. i walked up and down my room, thinking about myself and my illness. it seemed that i was suffering from the same illness as mary.suddenly i knew what was wrong. i was in love with mary nolan! and because i couldn't look after her, i felt ill and unhappy.'i know why mary's dying!' i thought. 'she's dying because nobody loves her. nobody in the world is giving her hope for the future. her mother and father are dead. her aunt only keeps her because she makes money from mary's dolls. mary has no friends and she feels ugly because of her leg. her life is empty - except for the dolls.'i have to see her! i have to speak to her for a few minutes, alone - or she'll be lost to me forever!'i thought about this all through the night, and the next morning i telephoned jim carter at his shop.'this is doctor amony, jim,' i said. 'will you help me?''i'll do what i can for you, doctor,' jim said. 'you saved my son's life last year, and i'll never forget that. how can i help you?''thanks, jim,' i said. 'do you remember mrs rose callamit, the doll woman?''yes, of course,' said jim.'when she comes into your shop again, i want you to telephone me. then have a long conversation with her,' i said. 'i need twenty minutes. all right?''all right,' said jim.'good,' i said. 'thanks, jim. i'll remember this for the rest of my life.'i was worried about a telephone call while i was out. so each evening i put my head round the door of his shop. but he just shook his head. there was no news.then one day, at five o'clock in the afternoon, the telephone rang. it was jim.he just said, 'she's here.'i ran to the house where mary lived. when i got there, i ran up the stairs. luckily, the door was not locked, and i hurried through into mary's room.she looked so thin now, and very ill. she still had the paints and pieces of cloth around her.i thought, 'she wants to make one more doll before she dies.'she looked up when i came into the room. her eyes opened wide in surprise when she saw me. she thought that it was rose.she said my name. but she didn't call me 'doctor amony' - she called me 'stephen'.'mary!' i cried. 'i've come to help you. i know what's making you ill.''does it matter now?' she said, quietly.'there's still time, mary,' i said. 'i know your secret. i know how i can make you well. but you must listen to me while i tell you.'she just closed her eyes and said, quietly, 'no. don't say anything, please. leave me. i don't want to know. the end is near now.'i sat down and held her hand.'mary, please listen to me,' i said gently. 'when children are growing up, they receive love from their family. then, when they're older, they can give that love to other people. they give love, and at the same time they receive kindness, happiness and hope. then they have more love that they can give. but you've given your love, mary, and you've received nothing. now you have no love that you can give.'i was not sure that she could still hear me. but i wanted her to live so much.i had to continue.'it was your aunt,' i said. 'she took away all your hopes for love and happiness. and later,' i continued, 'she did a worse thing. she took away your children.'i looked at mary. 'have i killed her?' i thought. 'the one person who loves her?'then i felt her small hand move in mine and her eyes slowly opened. she seemed almost glad to hear these words. this gave me hope.i talked gently. i tried very hard, because i wanted her to understand.'those dolls were your children, mary,' i said. 'you thought that you couldn't be a mother. so you made those beautiful dolls. into each one you put some of your love. you made them gently and carefully, and you loved them like your own children.'then your aunt took each one away and she gave you nothing. you continued to use all your love. people can die when they have no love left inside them, mary.'i finished speaking and she moved. she seemed to understand what i was saying.'but you won't die, mary,' i cried, 'because i love you! do you hear me? i love you and i can't live without you.''love me?' she said quietly. 'but i have a twisted leg. how can you love me?''that doesn't matter to me, mary. i still love you,' i said, gently. 'but rose lied to you. i can make your leg straight. in a year you'll walk like every other girl.'i saw tears of happiness in her eyes. she smiled and put her arms out to me.i took her up in my arms and she held me. i put my coat round her to keep her warm. then i carried her across the room.suddenly we heard the front door shut and the sound of running footsteps. then mary's door crashed open as an angry rose callamit came into the room.mary started to shake with fear. she hid her face in my neck.but rose was too late. she could do nothing now, and she knew it. she did not speak a word when i walked past her. i held mary close to me. i went out of her front door, down the stairs and into the street.outside, the sun shone and the sky was blue. children played happily and noisily in the street as i carried mary home.that was three years ago.as i write this, mary is playing with our son. our second child will arrive in a few weeks.mary doesn't make the dolls now. she doesn't need to make them. but i silently thank the day when i first fell in love with the beautiful doll in jim carter's shop window.