at half past ten the next morning, salahadin arrived at beirut airport. the airport lies to the south of the city and the docks are in the north. one road from the airport to the docks goes through the centre of the city. another road goes beside the sea.salahadin got into a taxi. he told the driver to take the road beside the sea. the sun was shining on the city and there was a mist on the hills behind. the air was fresh and cool. salahadin felt very happy in beirut. it was nice and cool after the heat and dust of cairo.when he got to the docks, he asked about the boat from alexandria. the sudan did not arrive at beirut until half past six in the evening. salahadin had more than six hours to wait. he decided to visit a friend called fuad.fuad had been a student with salahadin at cairo university. he now worked in the lebanese department of antiquities in beirut. his office was in a large museum in the north-east part of the city. salahadin took a taxi to the museum.fuad was surprised and pleased to see him.'we'll have lunch together,' said fuad. 'i'll phone my wife immediately.'ten minutes later they were in fuad's car. fuad lived in a small village in the mountains above beirut. the road was very steep. it twisted and turned up the mountain.'this road is dangerous,' said salahadin.'you're right,' replied fuad. 'and it's more dangerous higher up. people are often killed up there.'but it was also very beautiful. it was spring and the trees and the flowers were fresh and green. some people were already selling fruit beside the road. they had large baskets of strawberries.the car soon arrived at fuad's house. fuad's wife, leila, was waiting for them.'hello, salahadin,' said leila. 'it's nice to see you again. we've a lot to talk about. but first, we'll have lunch.'after lunch they sat out on the verandah and drank coffee. they talked about cairo and their friends there. from the verandah, they looked down towards the tall buildings of beirut. behind the buildings were the docks and the sea.'now,' said fuad, 'why are you in beirut?'salahadin told fuad about the death of pearson. he told him, also, about the man with fair hair.'i want to be at the docks at six o'clock,' said salahadin. 'i'm going to meet the sudan. it arrives at half past six.''i'll take you there in my car,' said fuad.they sat on the verandah and talked together. the time passed quickly and soon they had to leave for the docks.'bring salahadin back here,' leila said to fuad. 'our house is more comfortable than a hotel. he must stay here tonight.'salahadin thanked leila and stood up.'it's getting cold,' he said.'yes,' replied fuad. 'you're wearing summer clothes. this is not cairo. it's cold here in the mountains. it's cold sometimes even in summer. i'll get you a warm coat. you'll need it later.'at five o'clock, salahadin and fuad left the house. they said goodbye to leila and drove down the steep road towards beirut.