it was just after dark one windy evening in the autumn of 18 . i was with my friend c. auguste dupin, in the library of his paris apartment. for one hour at least we had been sitting in profound silence. dupin seemed content just to watch the smoke rising from his pipe. as for myself, i was thinking about the affair of the rue morgue. more particularly i was thinking about how quickly dupin had solved the case when the police could do nothing. it was therefore something of a coincidence when our old acquaintance monsieur g of the paris police arrived at the door.g explained that he had called to consult us, or rather to ask the opinion of my friend, about some official business that had caused a great deal of trouble."and what is the difficulty now?" i asked. "no more murders, i hope?""oh no, nothing like that. the fact is, the business is very simple indeed, and i am sure we can manage it ourselves. but i thought dupin would like to hear the details of the case, because it is so very odd.""simple and odd." said dupin."yes, in a way, though not exactly. the fact is, we have all been extremely puzzled because the affair is so simple and yet... we cannot understand it.""perhaps it is the very simplicity of the case which you do not understand," said my friend."what nonsense you talk sometimes, monsieur dupin," said the prefect, laughing."perhaps the mystery is a little too simple," dupin continued."oh good heavens! what an absurd idea!""a little too obvious.""ha! ha! ha!" laughed our visitor, deeply amused by dupin's suggestion."and what after all is this business all about?" i asked."i will tell you in a few words," said the prefect of police, "but before i begin i must warn you that this affair demands the greatest secrecy. if anybody knew that i was telling you about it, i would probably lose my job.""proceed," i said."well then, i have received personal information from a very high official that a certain document of the utmost importance has been purloined from the royal apartments. the individual who took it is known; he was seen to take it. it is also known that he still has the document.""how do you know this?" asked dupin."we know, because of the nature of the document, and because if it had passed out of the robber's possession it would have certain... ahem... 'dramatic' consequences. since these consequences have not yet arrived, we can assume that the robber still has the document.'"can't you be a little more explicit?" i said.the policeman hesitated for a minute."if this document were revealed to a third person - an exalted personage whom i cannot name - it would cause grave damage to the honour and reputation of its owner - who is herself an important royal personage. this fact gives the robber power over her. he can use the document as a form of blackmail.""but this power would depend on the robber knowing that the owner of the letter knew he had taken it.""the thief," said g. "is the minister d, an unscrupulous individual. the method of the theft was ingenious. the document - it is a letter to be honest - had been received by the royal personage while she was alone in the royal bedroom. as she was reading it, she was suddenly interrupted by the entrance of her husband, the other personage i mentioned before, the person that she wanted to conceal it from. she tried to throw the letter into a drawer, without success, and so she was forced to lay it, open as it was, on a table. fortunately only the side with the address on it was visible and so the letter was not noticed. it was then that the minister d entered. his sharp eye immediately perceived the letter and recognised the address. when he saw the anxious state of its owner, he knew at once her secret. after some routine business transactions, he produced from his pocket a letter similar to the one lying on the table and opened it, pretending to read the contents. he then casually placed his letter next to the one on the table and continued conversing with the lady and her husband about political matters. then just before leaving the room he took the lady's letter from the table. of course she saw him take it but she could say nothing. her husband was standing next to her, and naturally she did not want him to know about the letter. and so the minister left the room with the vital document in his pocket, leaving his own letter - which was of no importance - upon the table.""so it is true," said dupin. "the robber knows that his victim saw him take the letter. he has her in his power.""yes," said the prefect of police. "and for the last few months he has been using that power for political purposes, to a very dangerous extent. the lady who was robbed is now convinced that she must get the letter back. but this cannot be done openly. that is why she has put me in charge of the case.""quite right," said dupin, through the smoke. "i cannot imagine that the paris police has a better agent.""you flatter me," said the prefect, "but perhaps there is some truth in what you say.""it is clear," said i, "that the minister still has the letter in his possession. if he used it it would no longer give him any power.""true," said g. "and that is why i decided to conduct a meticulous search of the minister's house. the problem was how to search without his knowledge. it would be extremely dangerous if he realized we were looking for the letter. fortunately for us the minister is often absent from home all night, and he does not have many servants. the servants' bedroom is quite far from the minister's rooms, and the servants are usually drunk at night."as you know, i have keys which can open any room or cabinet in paris. so every night for the last three months we have been searching his house. but after all our efforts i must now conclude that the minister is a more astute individual than i am. i can assure you that we have investigated every corner of the premises, every little space where it would be possible to conceal the letter, but still we cannot find it.""but is it not possible," i said, "that he has hidden it somewhere else, somewhere other than his own house?""no, i don't think that's very likely," said dupin. "he needs to have the document near to him. it must be instantly available so that he can produce it whenever it becomes necessary to do so.""if that is the case, then the letter must be somewhere in the minister's house. for it is not possible that it is on his person.""absolutely not," said the prefect of police. "my men have stopped and searched him twice under my own supervision.""obviously the man is not a complete fool," said dupin. "he surely knew that he would be searched.""not a complete fool, no," said g. "but he is a poet, which i consider to be only one grade higher than a fool.""tell us the details of your search," i said."well, we took our time and we searched everywhere. i have a lot of experience in these matters. we divided the building into its separate rooms and for each of these rooms we spent an entire week searching. first we examined the furniture. we opened every possible drawer. to a well-trained police officer the existence of a secret drawer is impossible: there is only a certain amount of space in each cabinet. after the cabinets we examined the chairs. we probed the cushions with long needles. then we removed the tops from the tables.""why did you do that?""sometimes a person who wishes to conceal a document removes the top of a table and excavates one of the legs. he then pushes the document into the cavity and replaces the top. the bottoms and tops of bedposts are used in the same way.""but you could not possibly remove - you could not dismantle all the pieces of furniture in which it would be possible to hide a letter. a letter can be rolled into a thin spiral tube, no thicker than a knitting needle. in this form it could be inserted into the rung of a chair for example. you did not dismantle all the chairs?""certainly not; but we did better - we examined the rungs of every chair in the house, and indeed the jointings of every other piece of furniture, with the help of a very powerful microscope. if there had been any changes in the jointings, any disorder in the glueing, we would have noticed it immediately.""i presume you looked at the mirrors, between the frames and the glass plates, and also the beds and bedclothes as well as the curtains and carpets?""of course; and when we had finished examining the furniture we searched the house itself. we divided its surface into numbered compartments; then we scrutinized each individual square centimetre of the house, and also of the two adjoining houses.""the two adjoining houses!" i exclaimed. "you must have had a great deal of trouble.""yes we had, but the reward for finding the letter is very high.""you included the grounds around the houses?""all the grounds are paved with brick. it was easy to search them. we simply had to check that the grass between the bricks was undisturbed.""of course you looked through papers and examined his books."''certainly: we opened every file and turned over every page of every book. we also measured the thickness of each book cover and examined the bindings with the microscope. if any of the bindings had been altered in any way we would have noticed.""you explored the floors beneath the carpets.""yes. we removed every carpet and examined the floorboards with the microscope.""and the wallpaper?""yes.""you looked in the cellars?""yes we did.""then." i said, "you have made a miscalculation and the letter is not in the house.""i think you are right," said the prefect. "and now dupin, what do you think i should do?""i think you should search the house again.""that would be absolutely pointless," said the prefect. "i tell you, as sure as i live and breathe, the letter is not in the house.""i have no better advice to give you," said dupin. "i presume you have an accurate description of the letter.""oh yes!" said the prefect. he took a notebook out of his pocket and began to read a detailed account of the internal, and especially of the external appearance of the stolen document. soon afterwards, he thanked us for our time and left the apartment. he looked more depressed than i had ever seen him before.