the four friends were thrown against a wall. their eyes and mouths were full of dust. then regan saw a light in front of them. a shape was standing there.'it's glen! he's going to help us!' regan shouted. 'come on! this way!'the children followed the ghost back along the corridor. now the corridor was old and dirty. they were not in 1940 anymore. they were in the present. but glen was still with them.the phantom airman pointed to a door. the kids pushed the door open and walked into a small room. there was a desk in the room and a bookcase.glen pointed to the bookcase and moved his arm.'there's something behind this bookcase,' regan said. 'we must push it away from the wall.'a moment later, they were looking at a small black metal door in the wall. it was the door to a small safe.regan pulled the handle. 'i can't open it,' she said. 'it's locked!' as she spoke, the light from the ghost faded. the room was dark.'now i understand glen's message,' jack said. 'he was telling us about the safe. he wanted us to find it. he was saying, "help me rest. safe under the airfield." then he was going to tell us what was inside the safe.'suddenly, there was a sound in the corridor. the kids saw the light of a torch.'we must hide! get under the desk!' jack whispered.a fat man came into the room. he shone his torch onto the wall and quickly found the safe. he took a key from his pocket. a moment later, the door of the safe opened. then the man bent down and they saw his face in the light of the torch. it was terry bowles! the businessman was laughing quietly.'where did you put them, grandfather, you wicked old man?' he said to himself. 'ah yes, here they are.'he took a little black bag out of the safe and opened it. he shone the light from his torch into the bag.suddenly, a bright, glowing light shone behind him. glen had come back!terry bowles turned and saw the phantom airman. the fat man screamed. he was terrified. he dropped the little bag and he fell to the floor. he started to crawl towards the door of the room on his hands and knees. glen moved towards him. terry bowles screamed again and jumped up. he reached the door, and he ran!a moment later, regan got out from under the desk. she walked towards glen. he was covered with glowing light now, and he was smiling at her. all the bums and cuts had gone from his face. he was the handsome young pilot in florrie's photo again.regan held out her hand to him and glen touched it. then he pointed to the floor and regan looked down. there were small bright lights all over the floor. they were diamonds!the girl looked up again, but now glen's light was fading. a moment later the phantom airman had gone forever!