'what about the diamond rings?' said a voice.it was dave slatin. he was laughing.'i left the door open for you,' he said. 'i wanted you to go into this room this morning!'anna was frightened, but she tried not to show her fear.'you haven't found the diamonds,' dave said again.anna remembered greta gordon's diamond rings. were they in this room too?'here,' said dave. he came into the room and picked up an old box. he took out the rings and threw them on the table.'they aren't yours,' said anna. 'they belong to greta gordon.''they belong to me,' laughed dave. 'she gave them to me.''but why?' asked anna. 'why? why did greta gordon give you those diamonds? and all this money. who gave you the money?''my special customers!' said dave. 'my special customers gave me the money. it's mine now.''mike bailey and mr riseman gave you all this money?' asked anna.'yes,' said dave 'you have seen some of my special customers, not all of them.''but why do they come?' anna asked again.'these people come to me for help,' replied dave slatin. 'i help them and they pay me.''but how do you help them?' asked anna.dave slatin picked up the beautiful doll with the broken arm.'do you remember joanna leigh?' he asked anna.anna thought for a moment.'joanna leigh?' she said. 'yes, of course i remember her. she's the actress who broke her arm. greta gordon got her part.''that's right,' said dave slatin. 'this doll is joanna leigh.'anna felt more afraid. what kind of man was dave slatin?dave slatin pointed to a torn photograph in the football book. 'who's that, anna?' he asked.anna remembered the face. she had seen it on tv.'brian thomas,' she replied. 'he's a goalkeeper.''he was a goalkeeper,' said dave slatin.anna was terribly frightened now. dave slatin was an evil man.dave slatin moved close to anna. he picked up the broken aeroplane.'and what do you think this is?' he asked anna.anna knew the answer, but she was too afraid to speak.dave slatin took anna's arm and held it tightly. anna tried to move away. dave slatin laughed and held anna more tightly.'listen, anna,' he said quietly. 'i want you. i need you.marry me, anna. don't marry peter. marry me.''no, no,' she cried. 'let me go. let me go.''but anna, you still don't understand,' said dave slatin. 'i have strange powers. i can give you everything you want.' he looked into anna's eyes. 'and my children will have these powers too,' he continued. 'i will give you money and diamonds. and you, anna, you will give me children.'anna was terrified now. she kicked dave slatin very hard and he let go of her hand. anna moved quickly. she ran out of the special orders room through the front of the shop and out onto the street. she ran all the way home.