dave never talked about greta gordon. he never talked about her visit to the corner shop. one day, anna asked him about the film star.'how do you know greta gordon?' said anna. 'is she a friend of yours?''i don't want to talk about her,' dave replied. 'she was a special order customer. don't ask any more questions about her, anna.'so anna did not ask any more questions. she did not ask about greta gordon's special order and she did not ask about the rings. anna kept her promise. she never told anyone about the film star.soon it was spring. anna and dave were busy. mr hart brought lots of flowers to the corner shop and anna sold them to the tourists. there were lots of tourists that year.in may, peter asked anna to marry him. she said yes. they became engaged. they planned to get married in the following year. now they needed money, so they worked hard and they saved. they were very much in love.on saturdays, peter played football or cricket, and anna often went to the cinema in lidney. he enjoyed sports and she loved watching films.one day, anna was reading the film news. this was the magazine about film stars. she turned the pages. there was a picture of greta gordon!anna was pleased - what a surprise! beautiful woman was going to be a big film. and now greta gordon had the star part.anna wanted to tell peter about greta, but she kept her promise. she did not tell anyone.but she did show film news to dave slatin.'look, dave,' she said. 'here's a story about greta gordon' isn't it great! she's got the big part in beautiful woman.'dave looked at the magazine.greta gordon will star in "beautiful woman"the star of beautiful woman was joanna leigh. but miss leigh has broken her arm. 'i don't know what happened,' said miss leigh. 'i was in my bedroom. i slipped and fell.'greta gordon will now be the star of beautiful woman.'i'm so lucky,' greta told us yesterday. 'i've always wanted the part. i can't believe it.''i don't know anything about films,' he said. 'is greta gordon a big star?'anna laughed. 'big star? yes, she is! she's terrific!'dave did not seem interested. 'i hope she's happy with her big part,' was all he said.