but to norton's surprise, there were two more climbers at camp 4 - mallory and irvine. mallory had decided to try again - with oxygen this time. irvine was young, and he had not climbed many mountains, but he understood the oxygen equipment better than anyone. so mallory decided to climb with him.on 6 june they set out for camp 5. eight porters carried food and oxygen. next day they went on to camp 6 with four porters. there, mallory sent them back down with a note to noel, who was filming the expedition:dear noel,we'll probably start early tomorrow (8th) in order to have clear weather. it won't be too early to start looking out for us either crossing the rock band under the pyramid or going up skyline at 8.00 p.m.yours ever, g. mallorybehind them, odell climbed up to camp 5 with food to help them when they came down. mallory left a note for him too, asking him to wait at camp 4 the next evening. the weather was fine, he said, but the oxygen was very heavy to carry.odell was climbing alone, without oxygen. he spent the night at camp 5 and then climbed up towards camp 6. at 7,900 metres he found some very old rocks. studying rocks was odell's job, and the rocks that he found showed him that everest had once been under the sea. at 12.50 p.m., the clouds cleared above him, and he could see the summit ridge of everest. high on the ridge, he saw two tiny black dots moving on the snow. they climbed quickly, to the top of a rock step near the summit. then the clouds came back and they disappeared.it was mallory and irvine, climbing strongly towards the summit. but odell thought they were a little late. was there enough time for them to get to the summit and then down to camp 6 that night? he climbed up to camp 6 and left some food for them in the tent. then he climbed higher, towards the summit, calling out for them. but no one answered.he wondered what to do. he wanted to stay, but the tiny tent at camp 6 was too small for three men. so, at 4.30 p.m., he went down. by 7.00 p.m. he was in camp 4.the next day was 9 june. odell was worried. when he looked up the mountain, he could see the tents of camps 5 and 6, but nothing - and nobody - was moving. so odell, with two porters, climbed up again to camp 5.there was a strong wind all night. the porters shivered in their tent, and next morning they refused to move. so odell went on alone, up to camp 6. but no one was there. the tent was closed, the food was still there. mallory and irvine had disappeared.for two hours odell climbed on, above camp 6, towards the summit. what was he thinking? mallory and irvine were probably dead, but perhaps - just perhaps - one of them was still alive, badly injured up there. perhaps he could see something, or find something, and return with some answers.but he saw nothing, and found no bodies. sadly, he turned back. at camp 6, he went into the tent, and pulled out two black sleeping bags. he put them on the snow in the shape of a t. it was a message to the others, far below, that mallory and irvine were dead.but what happened to them? did they reach the summit before they died? or did they turn back, like norton and somervell? no one knows.when odell last saw them it was already 12.50 in the afternoon. but they were moving quickly, he said. so perhaps they went on to the summit, and then were too tired to find camp 6 before dark. perhaps, in the darkness, one of them fell, and the other died trying to help him. perhaps they both fell together. or perhaps, with no more oxygen, they were just too cold and tired to move any more, and lay down in the snow to sleep.it was seventy-five years before some of these questions were answered.