friday was a big day for kate, because she wore her new glasses to school for the first time. when she walked into the classroom everyone turned around and looked at her."wow," they said. "new glasses," kate's heart was beating fast and her hands felt cold. she walked to her desk and sat down."hi kate," said tom, the boy she liked. "new glasses? you look great.""thanks, tom," said kate, turning red with embarrassment. his opinion was very important to her."i really like your new glasses," said her friend kelly.kate suddenly felt happy and was ready for the lesson - a math test.that evening at the dinner table the sullivan family was having a noisy conversation because everyone had something to say."well, how was your day at school, kate?" asked her mother."oh, just great, mom," said kate smiling. "everyone liked my new glasses - even tom. and the math test was ok, i think.""and how was your day, mike?" asked his father."exciting," mike said. "guess what? our science class is going to muir woods national park next week. it's part of a class project on trees, forests and conservation. we're leaving early on tuesday morning and coming back before dinner time.""muir woods," said mrs sullivan. "it's one of the most beautiful forests in the world.""sounds like fun," said kate."well, this evening i have some exciting news, too," said mr sullivan. everyone at the table looked at him. he usually didn't have anything exciting to say."what is it, frank?" said mrs sullivan who wanted to know the news."next week i'm going to the monterey bay aquarium to talk to professor simpson," said mr sullivan. "the aquarium is doing an important study on sea life in the pacific ocean, particularly on the great white shark. they want me to spend some time at the farallon islands and the point reyes national seashore.""another trip to the farallon islands," said his wife, smiling."wow, dad, do you mean you're going to the farallon's and point reyes on the pelican?" asked mike, looking at kate."yes, that's right," said mr sullivan. "i'll probably stay about a week and moor the pelican in the harbor at bodega bay.""when are you going?" asked kate excitedly."at the end of june or the beginning of july," said mr sullivan."can we come along?" cried kate and mike."of course," said mr sullivan, laughing."what about lucky?" asked kate.lucky heard his name and started barking."yes, lucky can come too," said mr sullivan."it'll be great fun like last time," said mike."but without the ghosts," said kate, nervously."yes, without the ghosts and the ghost ship," said mrs sullivan, who still remembered that terrible adventure."oh, dad, can we invite carlos, like last time?" asked mike.carlos gomez was mike's best friend. he was hispano-american and he spoke spanish and english perfectly. he was a tall, friendly boy with short black hair and dark eyes and he lived near the sullivans."why not," said mr sullivan, smiling at his son."thanks dad," cried mike, who started making secret plans.kate and mike helped their parents clean up after dinner. then they went up to mike's bedroom. mike closed the door and kate put on some music."what do you think of the news?" asked mike."i can hardly believe it," said kate. "where did you put captain salamanca's old treasure map?""it's in a safe place," said mike, looking at the big bookshelf on the wall. "now we can study the map and start looking for the treasure, dad will be busy with his work and mom always helps him - we'll be free.""this is going to be a great summer," said kate."wait until i tell carlos," said mike, picking up his cell phone."yeah," said kate, "and he can help us understand the map - the words are written in spanish."