mike, kate and carlos got back to the pelican at dinner time."hi," said mr sullivan. "we did a lot of interesting work today at point reyes. we saw two great white sharks swimming by. tomorrow we're going to the farallon islands.""how was your day?" asked mrs sullivan."uh... interesting," said mike, looking at his sister and carlos."we explored the beach," said carlos."are you guys getting bored?" asked mr sullivan."bored?" said kate smiling. "no, of course not."the next morning after breakfast mr and mrs sullivan sailed to the farallon islands. it was a foggy morning and the three friends stood on the pier and talked about their scary adventure in the cave. carlos took out the old piece of paper he found in the skeleton's hat and looked at it."is this a clue? what does it mean?" he asked."it's the name of a man - or perhaps it isn't," said kate."let's take another look at the map," said mike."why don't we go to the tourist office and ask about the hacienda estrada?" said kate. "perhaps we can get some useful information.""ok," said carlos. "i'm sure the treasure is here somewhere."margaret healy worked at the bodega bay tourist office and knew all about the history of the town."the estrada family was a rich and important family in the 1600s," said margaret. "they were the first to build a home and a big farm here: the hacienda estrada. the family's only daughter was called isabella and she married a sea captain called juan martinez. soon after their marriage he was killed during a terrible fight with pirates and his young wife never married again. she was always sad and dressed in black; she rarely left the hacienda.""what a sad story," said kate."was the captain's last name robles or de los robles?" asked mike."no," answered margaret, "his last name was martinez.""where was he buried?" asked carlos."no one knows," said margaret."what about the old town cemetery?" asked kate."it's about four hundred years old and no one can read the names on the tombstones anymore," she said. "if you're looking for old spanish things, go and see the lighthouse at twin oaks point. it's on the cliff."the three friends thanked her and left. they decided to follow the treasure map and go to the area northwest of bodega bay. they climbed up the green hills and stopped near a stone wall."what's this?" asked mike, looking at the map."it looks like part of the old hacienda estrada," said carlos. "look there's a small river nearby too - the same river that's on the map." they looked around and saw another stone wall and some steps. "this looks like a wall of a house, maybe the hacienda," said kate."yeah, but there's almost nothing here," said mike. "let's move on and see if we can find the cemetery."they walked to the cliff and a strong wind was blowing. from the top of the cliff they could see the pacific ocean."what a beautiful place," said kate looking at the green-blue sea. "let's stop here and have lunch. i'm hungry.""we are, too," said mike and carlos.they sat down and had chicken sandwiches and fruit juice."hey, look down there," said carlos, eating his sandwich. from the top of the cliff they saw the old cemetery that was on salamanca's map and the old spanish lighthouse. after lunch they slowly climbed down and got to the old cemetery."there isn't much here," said mike, "just a few very old tombstones and lots of grass.""gee, look at this one," said kate, "i can't read the name but the date is 1624. this place is probably full of ghosts. let's go, i'm scared." carlos laughed and said, "we'll never find the treasure here.""perhaps there isn't any treasure," said kate."i'm sure there's a treasure," said mike. "don't forget that captain salamanca was looking for it and we have his map.""you're right, mike," said carlos, "we have to study the clues carefully. the name juan martinez de los robles means something, but what? we have to find out."