the hot summer passed and the cool autumn arrived.the jamestown settlers had little food to eat. many settlers were ill and weak. they needed help.when winter arrived there was no food. pocahontas helped the jamestown settlers. she asked her father for corn, meat and other food. pocahontas and other indians brought the food to jamestown in big baskets. the courageous indian princess helped the settlers to live during the cold winter.ships came to jamestown from england. powhatan was not happy about this. more white men came to the new world. powhatan was afraid of them. he was afraid of the future.one winter day powhatan sent an indian messenger to jamestown. he had a message for captain smith. "my chief powhatan wants to speak to you. follow me." john smith followed the messenger to powhatan's village.powhatan was in his longhouse. john smith sat next to him. "we have no more food to give to your people. you must all leave this land now," said powhatan."why must we leave?" asked john smith.the two men talked for a long time. at midnight powhatan said, "it is very late. you can sleep in the small cabin near the river."captain smith accepted the invitation. he went to sleep in the small cabin.during the night, john smith heard someone at the door. he got up, opened the door and saw pocahontas. "what a surprise to see you, pocahontas! please come in!""oh, captain smith, your life is in danger. my father and the medicine men want to kill you tonight! they don't want white people to stay here. you must run away now.""dear princess, you are saving my life again. how can i thank you? what can i give you?" asked captain smith."runaway now! save yourself!" pocahontas touched his hand and ran away.john smith ran out of the cabin. he walked to jamestown in the middle of the night. when he arrived in jamestown he told the settlers that pocahontas saved his life again. after this adventure, captain smith returned to england.'in pocahontas' village everyone thought that captain smith was dead. everyone said that he was killed by a gunpowder explosion.