women turned their eyes away when they saw him.so they never learned that he was a lover of all living things.the great marsh lies on the essex coast, between the villages of chelmbury and wickaeldroth.it is one of the last wild and lonely places in england. nobody lives there. the only sounds are the cries of the many birds that make their homes in the marsh. it is a long, low, flat land of grass and water. greys and blues and soft greens are the colours. but sometimes, when the sun goes down, the sky and land are a wonderful red and gold.in the spring of 1930, a man bought some land and an old, empty lighthouse standing at the mouth of the little river aelder. the man's name was philip rhayader. he lived and worked alone at the lighthouse all through the year. he was a painter, and he painted pictures of the birds and the marsh.philip lived at the lighthouse because he wanted to live alone. every two weeks he went to the village of chelmbury for the food and other things that he needed. when the villagers first saw the strange shape of his body and his dark, bearded face, they were a little afraid of him. they spoke of him as 'that strange painter-man from the lighthouse'. but slowly, as time passed, they learned to accept his strange ways.philip was a hunchback. his left arm was weak and thin and twisted, and his left hand looked like a bird's foot. he was twenty-seven when he came to the lighthouse on the great marsh.he lived in many places before he came there. he always tried hard to make friends with the people that he met. but other people did not want to be friends with philip. his twisted body made them uncomfortable. women turned their eyes away when they saw him. so they never learned that he was a gentle man and a lover of all living things.philip did not hate these people. his heart was too full of love; he could only feel sadness for them.he spent time with his birds and his paintings. he owned a sailing boat and he could sail very well in it. he sailed up and down the rivers, and sometimes out to sea. often he went away for many days. he looked for different birds to draw and photograph, and then to paint.he built an enclosure at the side of the lighthouse, and sometimes he caught birds and put them in there. he never shot at a bird. if someone shot at them, he told them not to come near the lighthouse. he was a friend to all living things, and so all living things became his friends.some of the birds in the enclosure were the geese that flew down the coast from iceland and spitzbergen each october. they filled the air with the noise of their wings. many hundreds came and stayed with him through the cold weather, from october to the early spring. then they flew north again. but they came back in the autumn. something inside them knew that philip s place was a safe place for the winter.and this made philip happy.one november afternoon, three years after philip came to the great marsh, a girl came to the door of the lighthouse with something in her arms. she was twelve years old, thin and untidy. she had fair hair and blue eyes.she was afraid to knock at the door. people told strange stories about the man who lived in the lighthouse. but her reason for being here was more important than her fear. in one of the stories about him, the villagers said, 'this hunchback man at the lighthouse can make hurt or sick birds better.'the girl knocked at the door and waited. slowly, the door opened. when she saw philip, with his thick hair and beard, she nearly ran away. but then he spoke. he had a kind voice.'what do you want, little girl?' he asked gently.she pushed out her arms towards him. in them was a large, white bird. the bird did not move. there was blood on its feathers and more blood on the front of her dress. she gave the bird to him.'i found it,' she said, quietly.'did you?' he said.'yes,' she said. 'it's hurt.''i can see that,' he said.'is it still alive?' she asked.'yes. yes, i think so,' he said, looking at it. 'come in, child, come in.'philip went inside, carrying the bird. the girl still felt afraid but she followed him. she wanted to see inside the lighthouse. he put the bird carefully on to the table. the room was warm; a fire was burning. there were many pictures on the wall, and the room was full of a strange but pleasant smell.the bird moved, and philip gently opened one of its large white wings. it was black at the end.he turned to the girl. where did you find it?' he asked.'there's a place in the marsh where the men shoot birds,' she said. 'what sort of bird is it?''it's a snow goose from canada,' he told her. then he said to himself, in surprise: 'but why is it here?''can you make it better?' asked the girl.'yes, yes,' said philip. 'we'll try. you can help.'philip put the things that he needed on the table. his gentle hands began to work on the bird, and the child watched with wide-open eyes.'she was shot, poor thing,' he said.'oh!' she said.'one of her legs is broken, and the end of the wing,' he said. 'but not badly. we must cover the part of the wing that is hurt. then, in the spring, the feathers will grow and she'll be able to fly again.'as he worked, he told her a wonderful story.'she's only a young snow goose, you know - about a year old. she comes from canada. that's a big country far, far away across the ocean. in canada the winters are very, very cold, so each year the snow geese fly south to warmer countries. but this time, as this snow goose was flying south, she flew into a great storm.'it was a wild, wild storm, and the wind picked her up and carried her with it for many days and nights. she had strong wings, but they could not help her. at last the storm ended and she was able to fly south again.'but now she was flying over england - a strange place to her, with strange birds. she was lost and tired, so she landed here in the friendly green marsh. and when she came down to rest, did we greet her like a visiting princess? no! a man with a gun tried to shoot her!'he put a thin piece of wood on the broken leg to hold it straight. while he was mending the bird's leg, he told her about the birds in his enclosure.'the geese in the enclosure flew all the way from iceland and spitzbergen,' he told her. 'they arrive in october. they make the sky dark because there are so many of them. the sound of their wings is like a strong wind.'he finished mending the leg. then they went outside and put the snow goose with the other birds. as he placed her gently in the enclosure, philip said, 'in a few days she'll be much better. we'll call her the lost princess.'the girl looked pleased. then she noticed that some of the birds were unable to fly.'what's the matter with those birds?' she asked. she pointed at two birds who were trying to fly.'i've cut the ends of their wings,' he said, 'so they can't fly. they have to stay here.''does it hurt them?' she asked.'no, no, little girl,' he said, laughing gently. 'the feathers will grow again next spring.''so why do you cut their wings?' she asked.'because these birds will show the others that there's food here. it's a safe place for them to stay,' he answered her. 'in the spring, they'll fly back to their homes in the north.'while she listened to him, she forgot the strange stories about him. but suddenly she remembered them and ran to the path towards the village.philip called after her. 'what's your name?'she stopped running and turned to answer him.'it's fritha,' she called back.'where do you live?' he asked.'with the fishing people in the village,' she replied.'will you come back in a day or two? you can see how the princess is,' he said.she did not answer immediately, but at last he heard her say, 'yes.'then she ran along the path.the snow goose got better very quickly. by the middle of winter, she was able to walk about in the enclosure with the other birds. fritha often walked to the lighthouse to see the princess. at each visit her fear of philip became less and less. she loved philip's story about this strange, white princess. he showed her a map of canada, the goose's home.then, one morning in june, the princess left them.fritha was at the lighthouse at the time. she saw the great bird flying in wider and wider circles, up into the sky. her white wings shone in the spring sun.'look!' fritha shouted to philip. 'look at the princess! is she leaving us?'philip came running from his painting. the snow goose got smaller and smaller in the sky, and finally disappeared.'yes, the princess is going home,' he said quietly. 'listen, she's saying goodbye.'as they stood listening, the sad call of the snow goose came through the air.fritha did not come to the lighthouse after the snow goose left. philip was alone again with his birds and his paintings.that summer, from his memory, he painted a picture of a thin, untidy little girl with fair hair. the girl was carrying a big white bird.it was october again and philip was in the enclosure. he was feeding the birds that could not fly. the cold northeast wind and the noise from the sea made it hard to hear any other sounds. suddenly philip heard the high, clear call of a bird. he turned his head and looked into the sky.at first he could only see something small. but as it came closer, it grew into the shape of a bird. while philip watched, the bird flew round the lighthouse. then it dropped into the enclosure. his eyes filled with tears. it was the snow goose!philip watched her walk round the enclosure.'she acts like a bird that's never been away!' he said to himself. but he did not understand. 'how could she go all the way home to canada and then come back here again?' he thought. 'perhaps she spent the summer in greenland. then it was time to fly south again. she remembered our kindness and returned.'philip immediately thought of fritha. he knew that he must tell her. so when he went to the village for food, he left a note at the post office. it said:tell fritha (of the fishing people) that the princess is back.three days later fritha came to the lighthouse to visit the lost princess. the girl was taller but still untidy.the years passed. on the great marsh very little changed. the sea continued to move in and out, and the birds came and went with the seasons. for philip the coming and going of the snow goose showed the passing of time.when the snow goose was at the lighthouse, fritha visited philip. she sailed with him in his boat and they caught birds for the enclosure. fritha learned many things from philip. he taught her everything about the wild birds that flew across the marshes. she learned how to get his paints ready. sometimes she cooked a meal for him.but when the snow goose left in the summer, fritha did not come to the lighthouse. she did not feel that she could visit philip. the bird was not there.then, one year, the princess did not return. philip was very sad and lonely. he spent all his time painting. he painted all winter and through the next summer. he did not see fritha.but in october he heard again the cry of the snow goose. and the beautiful white bird, bigger than before, dropped from the sky.'she came back!' he said happily.philip went into the village immediately. as before, he left a note at the post office for fritha.this time it was a month before she came to the lighthouse. when he saw her, he was surprised. she was grown-up; she was not a child now.from that time, the snow goose stayed at the lighthouse for longer and longer each year. she followed philip everywhere outside. sometimes she went into the lighthouse when he was working.and so time passed...