about a month later, the prefect paid us another visit. he found us occupied in the same manner as before. he sat down and began talking about the general business of the week.after a few minutes i interrupted him:"well, but g, what about the purloined letter?"the prefect's face turned pale."i searched the house again, as dupin suggested, but it was a waste of time, as i knew it would be.""how much was the reward offered, did you say?" asked dupin."a very large reward - a very liberal reward - i don't like to say how much; but i will say one thing, that i would give my own cheque for fifty thousand francs to anyone who could give me that letter. the fact is, the matter is becoming more and more urgent every day; the reward has recently been doubled. but even if it were trebled i could do no more than i have done already.""do you think so?" said dupin. "i think, that there is some more that you could do to find the letter, eh?""how? - in what way?""you might, for example, take advice.""my dear sir, i would happily pay for such advice. i would really give my fifty thousand francs to anyone who could help me.""in that case," replied dupin, "you can write me a cheque now. when you have signed it, i will give you the letter."i was astonished. the prefect appeared absolutely incredulous. for some minutes he remained silent and motionless, looking at my friend with open mouth and eyes that seemed to jump out from their sockets. then he suddenly took a pen and after some hesitation signed a cheque for fifty thousand francs and gave it to dupin. dupin quickly examined the cheque and put it in his wallet. then he opened a drawer in his desk and took a letter from it which he gave to the prefect. the prefect looked at the letter. his face was a perfect agony of joy as he opened it and quickly scanned its contents. without saying another word, he ran out of the apartment still holding the letter in his hand.when he had gone, dupin began to explain."the parisian police," he said, "are very capable in their way. they are persevering and ingenious and they know their job well.when g recounted to us his mode of searching d's house, i was sure he had made a satisfactory investigation in as far as he was able.""in as far as he was able?" i said."yes. the techniques he used were not only the best of their kind, they were also executed to absolute perfection. if the letter had been hidden within the limits of g's search, he would certainly have discovered it."i laughed, but dupin seemed quite serious in all he was saying."the techniques," he continued, "were the best of their kind and were well executed. the problem was that they were not suitable for this case. they could not be applied to this particular thief. the prefect has a set of extremely ingenious resources and he thinks he can use them to solve every single case in the same way. but he continually makes the mistake of being either too deep or too superficial, for the case in question; there are many schoolboys who are better thinkers than he is. i knew one about eight years of age who had great success in the game of 'even or odd'. this game is simple and is played with marbles. one player holds in his hand a number of marbles and asks the other player whether the number is even or odd. if his guess is right, the guesser wins one: if he is wrong he loses one. the boy i refer to won all the marbles of the school. of course he had a principle which he used to make his guesses. he observed and measured the intelligence of his opponents. for example, let's imagine his opponent is a complete idiot. the idiot holds up his closed hand and asks the boy 'are they even or odd?' our schoolboy replies 'odd' and loses; but the next time he wins. how does he do this? he simply says to himself, 'the idiot had them even the first time and his amount of intelligence is just sufficient to make him change them to odd the second time.' so he guesses odd and wins. now with an idiot a degree more intelligent than the first he would reason like this: 'this boy sees that the first time i guess odd. now the second time he will immediately propose a simple variation from even to odd, like the first idiot did.' but then a second thought will tell him that this variation is too simple, and finally he will decide to keep the marbles even as before. 'i will therefore guess even.' - he guesses even and wins. and so on. now this method of reasoning which the other boys call 'luck' - what is it exactly?""it is simply a question of the boy trying to think like his opponent," i said."precisely," said dupin. "the boy identifies himself with his opponent's intellect.""and the success of this identification depends on how accurately he can measure the intellect of his opponent?""yes, for its practical value it depends on this," replied dupin. "this is where the prefect and his men make the mistake. they do not identify themselves with the intellect of their opponent. they do not even try to measure his intellect. they consider only their own ideas of ingenuity; and in searching for anything hidden, they consider only the ways in which they would have hidden it. in part they are right to do so, for their ingenuity is an accurate representation of that of the mass; but when the intelligence of the thief is greater than their own - and often when it is lower, their investigations fail. they have no variation in principle in their methods. the most they ever do is to extend or exaggerate these old methods, without considering the principles on which they are based. let's look at the case of d. what did g do to vary the principle of action? what is all this drilling and probing and sounding and scrutinizing with the microscope and dividing the building into numbered square centimetres? it is simply the exaggeration of the application of one set of principles, which are based on the prefect's own ideas about human ingenuity. he thinks that all men will hide a letter in the same way, not necessarily inside the leg of a chair, but in some place which is equally difficult to reach. but such hiding places are imagined only by ordinary intellects. in all cases of concealment, it is presumed that the article will be concealed in a place which is hard to find. thus its discovery depends not upon the intelligence of the seekers but upon their patience, perseverance and determination. you will now understand what i meant when i said that the prefect would surely have found the letter if it had been placed within the limits of his examination - in other words, if the principle of its concealment was the same as the principle of the prefect's investigation. but the prefect has been mystified, and the reason for his defeat is that he believes the minister to be a fool, simply because he is a poet. the prefect thinks: all fools are poets, but that does riot mean that all poets are necessarily fools!""i thought it was the minister's brother who was the poet. the minister is a mathematician, isn't he?""no, he is both a mathematician and a poet. if he were just a mathematician he would not be able to reason well, and the prefect would have found the letter.""you surprise me when you say this. mathematical reason has for centuries been regarded as the greatest form of reason.""that is what mathematicians have made us believe, but it is an error.""explain.""mathematical axioms are not axioms of general truth, but only of relation. and something which may be true for relation - of form and quantity for example - is often completely false in terms of morality, or of human nature in general. to put it simply, in human nature the sum of the parts is rarely equal to the whole. in life, there is always something more, some unpredictable element that cannot be reduced to an equation.""whatever do you mean?" i said, laughing. by now i was completely confused."i mean to say," said dupin, "that if the minister had been only a mathematician, the prefect would have been able to keep the fifty thousand francs for himself. he would certainly have found the letter. but i knew the minister was also a poet. and so i tried to think like him, considering the circumstances he was in."go on," i said."remember that this man is a clever politician. he obviously knew the normal police procedures. he knew he would be searched and i'm sure he also knew that the police would search his house. the prefect said that he was fortunate that the minister was often absent from the house at night. but i think that the minister was deliberately absent. he wanted the prefect to search the house. it was all part of his plan. he wanted to make the police think that the letter was not in the house. so he let them search it from top to bottom. finding nothing, the police would be convinced that the letter was not there. the minister must have known how the police conducted their searches. he must have known that the police would examine all the normal hiding places, all the places the prefect told us about. so obviously he could not hide the letter in any of these places. i realized that because of this he would be forced to choose simplicity as the principle for hiding the letter. you remember how the prefect laughed when i suggested that the problem of the mystery was perhaps the fact that it was too obvious.""yes," said i, "i remember it well.""there is a game," dupin said, "which is played on a map. one of the players tells another to find a given word on the map - it could be the name of a town or a river or a monument - any word that appears on the map. now a beginner immediately seeks the most difficult names with the most complicated spelling; but the expert selects those simple words which appear in huge letters and which stretch from one end of the map to the other. these, like street signs, are written in big letters, but they escape our attention, precisely because they are so excessively obvious. we simply don't see them.""but what is the connection between this and the minister?""what is true of the physical world is also true of the moral world. this is something the prefect cannot understand. he never once considered that the minister might have placed the letter right under his very nose, that he had perhaps hidden it in a very visible place, where nobody would think of looking for it. or that perhaps the best way to hide the letter was not to hide it at all."