the summer passed. the corner shop was always busy. sometimes, dave opened the shop on sundays too. anna earned a lot of money. everyone thought that she was happy.but life was difficult for her. she liked dave. he was her boss, and he was older than her. but peter was her fiance, and he was about the same age. dave was quite rich, but peter had no money. dave bought anna clothes, and he took her out. peter did not buy her clothes and never took her anywhere. he was more interested in football. anna did not like football.now it was september. peter played football every saturday. one saturday, there was a big football match on television. mr hart had the biggest television in the village and he invited some people to his house. he invited peter and anna.on friday, the day before the match, anna was working in the shop all day. at five o'clock, she locked the shop door. two minutes later, the bell rang and anna went to the door. there was a young man outside. he was carrying a small case.'hello,' she said. 'can i help you?''i hope so,' said the young man. 'i want to see mr slatin.''i'm afraid that the shop is closed now,' said anna. 'we are open tomorrow morning.''but i've got an appointment,' said the young man.then dave spoke behind anna. she had not seen him.'yes, i've been waiting for you,' said dave. 'you're late.''i'm very sorry mr slatin, said the young man. 'i was...''never mind. never mind' said dave rudely.his rudeness surprised anna. the young man seemed afraid.'but can you see me now?' he asked.'yes,' said dave. 'come in.'dave turned to anna.'anna, it's after five o'clock. you can go home now.''i won't be long,' said anna.dave was angry. 'hurry up and go home,' he said.but anna wanted to stay. she wanted to know about the young man. the young man followed dave to the back of the shop and into the special orders room.another special order! another special customer! anna waited.but soon it was half past five. anna put her coat on and left the shop. she closed the door very loudly. then she went round the corner, and waited.soon, there was a noise. the young man was leaving the shop. anna could not see him, but she could hear him. he was speaking to dave.'are you sure?' said the young man.'what do you mean?' asked dave.'is this the only way?' said the young man.'yes, it is,' said dave. 'don't worry. everything will be all right. goodbye.'anna heard the shop door close. she came round the corner and saw the young man. he was walking quickly to his car. anna noticed immediately that he was not carrying his case. she followed him.'excuse me,' she said. 'you've forgotten something. you have left something behind.'the young man turned round. anna stopped. suddenly she was frightened. the young man's face was white. it was white with fear.'please go away,' said the young man. 'leave me alone. i want to go home. leave me alone.'he got into his car and drove off. anna stood in the street and watched him. she was thinking.why had the young man come to the corner shop? what was his special order? and why had he left his small case with dave slatin?