fuad phoned the airport. leila brought in some coffee and they sat down. salahadin told her about barkman's death. he spoke about the black cat.'but what is the black cat?' asked leila.salahadin told her about the pharaoh ankuten and about the tomb in the valley of zar.'i know now that pearson found the tomb,' said salahadin. 'he found the cat in the tomb and brought it to cairo. pearson told barkman about the cat. but barkman was a member of the ba'albek gang. pearson didn't know that. barkman murdered pearson and took the cat.''and where is the cat now?' asked leila.'barkman had a plan,' replied salahadin. 'he was not taking the cat to beirut. he gave the cat to another man on the docks at alexandria. this other man is called peterson. peterson has taken the black cat with him to athens.'while salahadin was talking, he was making some notes in his book. this is what he wrote:-pearsonfound black cattook it to cairotold borkmanpearson murdered by borkman-borkmantook black cat to alexandriagave it to petersoncame to beirutkilled on road to baalbek-the red hang gangheard about black cattried to stop borkmankilled on road to baalbek-jusefin cafe at baalbek? leader of baalbek gang-petersonhas black catis on a boat going to athens boat is called 'the syria'fuad came back from the telephone.'there's a plane in four hours' time,' he said. 'it leaves beirut at one o'clock in the morning and arrives in athens at five.''how long does the boat take from alexandria to athens?' asked salahadin.'almost two days,' replied leila. 'i once went by boat on a holiday to athens.''the syria left alexandria on monday evening,' said salahadin. 'it's tuesday today. it won't arrive in athens until tomorrow. i'll be in athens before the boat.''we must leave soon,' said fuad. 'it's a long way to the airport.'salahadin said goodbye to leila and drove off with fuad. they arrived at the airport just after midnight. it was already wednesday. but salahadin was only a few hours away from athens by air. salahadin thanked fuad.'take care,' said fuad. 'six people have already died because of this black cat. send us a telegram from athens.''i'll send you a telegram from athens tomorrow,' said salahadin. then he smiled. 'i mean today. it's wednesday already. you go to the police in the morning. tell them about jusef's cafe.'salahadin said goodbye to fuad and went to catch the plane for athens.