"who's going to open the treasure chest?" asked carlos, looking at mike and kate."mike, you took the old map;" said kate, "so you can open the treasure chest."mike slowly opened the old chest; suddenly the three friends jumped back and kate screamed. there was something terrible inside: a skeleton! lucky started barking loudly.the skeleton was wearing pirate's clothes and a big black hat. mike, kate and carlos stared at it and didn't know what to say. they were very surprised and scared.kate spoke first. "is this the treasure? it's terrible!""maybe there's something else in the treasure chest," said carlos. he slowly moved closer to the chest and looked inside."there's nothing inside except the skeleton," he said sadly."why did someone put the body of a pirate inside the treasure chest and lock it?" asked mike.suddenly lucky started barking again. the three friends turned around and saw that water was coming down the stone steps."what's happening?" asked kate nervously. "why is water coming in here?""oh no, the tide!" said mike. "it's high tide and these caves fill up with sea water. we have to get out of here now!""but wait," said carlos, "perhaps there's a clue or another map in the skeleton's clothes - in his pockets.""are you going to... touch it?" asked kate, who was scared."i'll just touch his clothes," said carlos."we have to hurry," said mike, "if more water comes in, we'll be in big trouble."carlos started touching the skeleton's clothes. he looked in all the pockets but found nothing. then he took off the big black hat and looked inside it."there's something inside the hat," cried carlos. "it's an old piece of paper that says 'juan martinez de los robles'." he took the old piece of paper and showed it to kate and mike."maybe that was his name," said kate."no, i don't think so," said mike. "you don't write your name on a piece of paper and put it in your hat. i think it's a clue." carlos quickly put the piece of paper in his pocket.lucky started barking loudly again because a lot of water was now coming into the cave, mike picked him up. the three friends couldn't get out because water was coming down the stone steps, and the cave was quickly filling up with water. they were in big trouble."how can we get out of here?" asked kate, who was now starting to get very scared. "the water is almost up to my knees!""there's only one way out," said mike, looking at the small hole high above their heads."but we can't climb up there," said carlos. "it's impossible - we need someone on the outside to throw down a rope.""i have an idea," said mike. "kate, if you hold lucky, carlos and i can lift you. then you can push lucky up to the top. he's small and light, and can get out of the hole."mike looked at lucky who was in his arms and said, "listen carefully, lucky, go and find help."carlos and mike lifted kate and lucky. it wasn't easy, but they were able to get kate quite high and she pushed lucky outside.there were a lot of people on the beach that day, and when lucky got out of the hole he started barking loudly and running around."what's that dog doing?" said a tall young man, who was sitting on the beach with some friends."he's very excited," said his friend. "he's trying to tell us something.""perhaps someone needs help," said another young man. "let's follow him and see."the four young men followed lucky to the small hole and looked inside."does anyone need help?" shouted the tall young man."yes, the water in the cave is up to our knees and we can't get out!" shouted mike. "can you please help us?""it's high tide," shouted the young man. "don't worry, we can get you out of there. i've got a rope in my car. wait a moment and i'll be back." he ran across the beach to the parking lot, got a long rope from his car and ran back."ok, listen," shouted the young man who was standing over the hole, "i'm going to send this rope down to you. hold on to it; then my friends and i will pull you up.""ok!" shouted kate, mike and carlos.the four young men pulled kate up first, then carlos and then mike. lucky jumped into kate's arms and looked at her."thanks lucky," said kate, smiling at the little black dog. "and thank you," she said looking at the four young men."yeah," said mike, "thanks a lot.""you were very kind to help us," said carlos. "we were in big trouble down there.""you guys are lucky," said one of the men. "i always keep a rope in my car because my friends and i are mountain climbers.""what were you doing in the cave?" asked the tall young man."oh, we were... just looking around," said mike and his face became red."well, it's getting late," said kate. "we have to go back to bodega bay. thanks again for your help.""we were happy to help you," said the tall young man, "but next time, be careful.""ok! we will," said the three friends.