'there's a full moon tonight and the weather's warm. let's have a barbecue on the beach!' said uncle fraser.'that's a great idea!' i said.'we can collect wood and build a fire. i've got potatoes and hamburgers. i went to the butcher's in portree this morning,' uncle fraser said, as he went down into the cellar.i sent mum a text message.how are you? i love you. megani waited, but she didn't reply, so i phoned. mrs brown answered the phone. her voice was sad.'the doctor's here, megan. your mum's not well at all. i'll ring you later.'i bit my lip, but the tears still fell and i went outside to talk to dolly. i put my face in her mane until i felt better. 'kendra, where are you?' i said to the wind.before the sun set, ben, uncle fraser and i carried our baskets of food to the beach. we collected firewood and soon we had a big fire. the flames jumped and we had a wonderful barbecue.the moon came out full and bright and we sang round the fire. uncle fraser wore his kilt. he brought his bagpipes and his accordion and played us some bagpipe music first. he was really good. then uncle fraser played his accordion and ben showed me some scottish dancing. it was wonderful and i laughed and clapped my hands. then we sang all the songs we knew. it was when we started singing the skye boat song that i saw something silvery-white galloping towards us.'kendra. it's kendra,' i shouted and i started to run towards the unicorn, my unicorn, the last unicorn.'wait for me,' shouted ben, but i couldn't hear him. the unicorn was close now. i could see the horn in the middle of its forehead and its silvery mane and then it stopped and stood quite still. its dark brown eyes looked into mine and it made a soft sound.slowly i went up to the unicorn. i touched its velvet nose, brushed its neck and its silken mane.'make a wish,' came a thousand whispers. 'make a wish.'i thought of the bullies at school. i wanted them to leave me alone, but there was something far more important.i touched the unicorn's horn and made a wish.the moon shone brighter and suddenly i was alone. kendra was galloping away, out, out to sea.