'what happened to you? what's wrong with your foot?'it was carol's voice. carol with her painting things in front of her. and the beginnings of a picture of the river, the trees and the rocks.'so i wasn't missed,' thought elise. 'the time is the time when i left. nothing has happened. but everything has happened. it did happen. things only seem to be the same.''i just fell, that's all.'carol's work for the morning was finished. she was happier now. 'isn't it beautiful here? so quiet.''what date is it?' asked elise.she was always cold with carol, so her stepmother was not surprised. elise tried again, more softly: 'i'm sorry.''that's ok,' said carol. 'i understand.''do you?''we really must learn to be friends, elise.''today i was called eloise,' said elise.carol looked at her strangely. 'are you all right?'they were walking together down a dusty path towards the church. without thinking about it, elise put her hand around carol's arm. this was a surprise; to both of them.more kindly now, elise asked again, 'what date is it, carol?' she used her stepmother's name for the first time.carol noticed and smiled. to elise, she seemed different, almost another person.'well yesterday was 5 april,' said carol. 'so today... oh, there's your dad by the church. i'll go and heat the soup. bring him in five minutes, ok?'thanks, carol,' said elise.'for what?''you know - for trying.' elise's thoughts returned to the farmhouse and her angry talk with stefan. 'and i've said terrible things.'carol put an arm round her stepdaughter and gave her a kiss; their first kiss. 'we mustn't stop trying, must we?'***'you knew about this place before we came, dad. am i right?' asked elise. she put her arm through his, too.'i want you to read this,' said dad. there was writing on the metal plate of the war memorial. below it were some fresh flowers.'can you understand the french, elise?'this morning i met a boy called stefan,' said elise. 'he told me everything.'her father read out the story of forty-four children taken from their hiding place in the village. taken by the gestapo. there were tears in his eyes.'they were never seen again,' he said. he looked at the spring flowers.'all this time, but somebody remembers, elise.' he stopped, but then continued. 'where were you taken, little children? dachau, probably. did i ever tell you, elise-''about the trains, dad?' elise said. the trains, yes. she remembered the children's 'train' in the farmhouse.'we are going on a train?''where to?''i love trains.''will it be safe?''what does madame sahina say?''terrible,' said dad. 'the deaths. i just can't forget.'to herself, elise said, 'you're not the only one who can't forget.'as they walked back to their holiday home, somebody was watching elise from the steps of the church. she turned. for a second, the entrance to the church was the inside of a gestapo lorry. the children were climbing in. no questions, no tears. the lorries moved away - to the trains. one person was left in the shadows of the church. he lifted a hand and waved to her.'have you hurt your foot, my pet?' asked dad, noticing.elise fought back her tears. 'yes, i... dad, can we put down some flowers, next to the others? wild flowers, from up on the hill?''why not?' dad put his arm round his daughter. 'things are going to get better now, i promise.''i know,' answered elise. 'but dad?' her thoughts were with the ghosts of izieu, her friends forever. 'flowers will never be enough.'