with these ideas in my head i went to visit the minister at his house. i wore a pair of special green spectacles to aid my vision. as the minister told me about the political business of the day, i scrutinized his large writing table on which lay several papers and letters, as well as one or two books. but there was no trace of the purloined letter itself."as my eyes circled around the room i noticed a card-rack hanging from the centre of the mantelpiece. in this rack, which had five or six compartments, were a few visiting cards and a solitary letter. the letter was very soiled and crumpled and it was torn at the edge. it seemed as if someone had decided to tear it up but had then changed their mind. i looked closer to see what was written on it. it was addressed to the minister himself in female handwriting. the letter had been thrown carelessly into one of the compartments."i knew immediately that this was the letter i was looking for. certainly its appearance was completely different from the description of the stolen letter that the prefect had given us. the wax seal of this letter was large and black with d's insignia inscribed on it, where as the purloined letter had a small red seal bearing the coat of arms of the royal family. this letter was addressed to d in a small female hand. the writing on the purloined letter was large and bold and it was addressed to a lady. but it seemed to me that these differences were excessive. the fact that this letter was almost the opposite of the letter the prefect described made me suspicious. then there was the fact that this letter was so clearly visible, in full view of every visitor. so visible, in fact, that nobody would see it, just like in the game i told you about.""so what did you do?""i memorized the appearance of the letter and left the minister's house immediately, leaving a gold tobacco box on the writing table."the next morning i called at the minister's house again, saying that i had forgotten my tobacco. the minister seemed happy to see me again and we continued the conversation we had had the previous day. suddenly we heard a loud noise coming from outside, the sound of a pistol shot followed by several screams. d ran to the window to see what was happening. in the meantime i went over to the card rack, took the letter, put it in my pocket and replaced it with a facsimile. "the disturbance in the street had been caused by a man with a gun. he had fired it above the heads of the crowd and everybody thought he was simply a lunatic or a drunk. in fact i had employed him to carry out this diversion to distract d and give me time to get the letter.""but why didn't you simply take it on your first visit?""d" replied dupin," is a desperate and dangerous man. if i had taken the letter openly he would probably have had me killed before i could leave the building. but there was another reason. for eighteen months the minister has had the owner of the letter in his power. now the situation is reversed. she has him in her power.""how is that?""because he still thinks he has the letter, thanks to my facsimile. he will proceed with his blackmail and his political career will be destroyed. it's ironic in a way too.""in what way?""it was the minister who gave me the idea of the facsimile, when he stole the original letter. to get the letter back i just did the same thing he did when he stole it. you could even say that between our letters there is a perfect, ahem... correspondence.""very funny."