she was glad to talk to her father alone.'dad, i think i saw some ghosts,' she said.'yes, your mother - sorry - carol told me,' he replied.'she doesn't like me to talk about them.''i don't want you to worry about it,' he said. 'just enjoy your holiday.''i'm not worried,' said elise. 'i'm just interested.''we'll have a drive out in the car this afternoon,' he suggested. 'there are lots of things to see. would you like that?''would i like that? i'm not six years old.'dad!' said elise. 'oh, why did we come here?''we often stayed in houses in france with your mum.'elise thought about saying, 'perhaps she left you because our lives were too boring." but she decided not to make two enemies in one day.'why do you always visit those war graves?' she asked. 'i like history,' her father said 'you know that.''but why graves?''not graves, exactly - memorials,' he explained. 'for me, they're like doors into the past.''but always wars - people who died.''they're people who gave their lives for us,' said her father. 'we mustn't forget that.''are there any war graves near here, dad?' she asked.'not graves, no.''then why are we here?''so i can get better - doctor's orders,' he said.'you've brought your notebooks, dad. why?''maybe i'll need them,' he said.'what for?' she said.elise's father put his finger to his mouth. 'doctor's orders!'she left him to rest. 'doctor's orders?' she thought. 'i don't think so. he's got a secret.'the boy on the church steps was local. when elise, carol and her dad arrived in the village, he was with a group of other boys around the war memorial. he waved, while another boy shouted something about manchester united.was he waiting for her now? he seemed very nervous as she got near the church entrance.'bonjour!' she said.did girls in france just introduce themselves to boys? elise was not sure. but she needed to talk to somebody her own age during these two weeks in the middle of nowhere.'and of course i need to practice my french,' she thought.the boy turned away, but he fell.elise said, in english, 'are you all right?' she even offered him a hand.the boy looked at her and accepted the hand. he was small, but quite good-looking.'merci' he said.'you german?''no, me english' the words just came out like that and elise went bright red in the face.'pardonnez-moi. je suis angalise.'in french, the boy said, 'i must go. i have to get back. thank you, yes. you are very kind. the english, i like. and the russians, even. italians - great!''germans?' asked elise quickly.'i work at the farm. at lolinoz,' he said.'is that far?' she asked.'no,' he said. 'it's just up the road,''what do you do on the farm?' she asked.'everything,' he said. 'but i must go.'he seemed a very lonely boy. she almost said to him, 'don't look so worried. nobody's going to hurt you.' out how could she be sure of that?'it's lovely round here,' she said.'yes.' he was in a hurry to go, but he was polite. two or three times he looked over his shoulder.'all these little country roads,' she said in english. 'my dad got lost four or five times before we found the village. it's so... lonely.''yes... hidden,' the boy said.was he talking of secrets?'mysterious?' she suggested.'yes,' he said.'what's your name?' she asked. 'mine's elise.''stefan,' he said.'that's strange,' she said. 'my dad's called stephen. with a "ph". but everybody calls him steve with a "v".'he smiled. 'your mother, she is the painter?''she's not exactly my mother,' elise said. 'my dad married again. do you have the same parents that you started with?' elise was pleased with that sentence. her french was getting better.stefan shook his head. he lived with his uncle and aunt on the farm.elise nearly replied, 'parents aren't always so wonderful.' but she stopped herself. you can't be rude about parents to somebody who hasn't got any, so she asked, is it a big farm?'again, a shake of the head.'animals?' she said.'fifteen,' he said. 'and we make wine. very good wine.''perhaps i can come and watch,' elise suggested.his nervousness returned. he looked over elise's shoulder across the village square. she followed his eyes.he was watching the entrance of the town hall, a beautiful building.'do you know someone in there, stefan?' she asked. 'perhaps you can show me the inside one day.''i have to go,' stefan said.'i can help you with your english and-''pardon - i must go,' he repeated.'are you in trouble?' asked elise.'trouble?''with your uncle?' she said. 'with the police?''police?' he said quickly. he looked afraid.it was a mistake. she was frightening him, when she only wanted to be his friend. he stepped out of the long shadow of the church.'please don't hurry away,' she said. 'i'm always asking people- stupid questions. it gets me into trouble.'he answered with a smile - a lovely smile.'you're nice,' he said. 'thank you. your french is very good.' stefan held out his hand. 'au revoir!''perhaps i'll see you another time,' she said. 'i'm here for two weeks.'perhaps,' he replied. 'goodbye!'