'here i am! here i am!' thinks spotty, a small handsome baby giraffe. mother is looking at him and listening to him. of course, he can't talk, but she understands his every word.'who are you?' spotty asks.'i'm your mum,' she answers.'my mum?' he asks. 'who is mum?''mum is your good friend. mum is always with you. and you are spotty, my son.''oh, great!' spotty says and smiles to mother.'how are you?' mother asks.'i'm hungry,' spotty answers.'don't worry. i'm not only your friend. i'm your dining room, too. i've got a lot of nice milk for you. stand under me and drink,' she says. spotty drinks and drinks. the milk is warm and tasty. and it never ends. now he isn't hungry anymore.mother opens her mouth, and spotty can see a long thick thing inside.'what's that?' he asks.'it's my tongue,' mother answers. 'why is it so long?''because we are giraffes. i think only giraffes have got very long tongues!' mother says.'are there many giraffes, or are there only you and me?' spotty asks.mother smiles. 'of course, there are a lot of giraffes. soon we can visit them. but now i must teach you to walk and run.'spotty gets up and starts walking.'what a clever baby i have got!' mother laughs. 'now try to run.' spotty tries but falls down. 'i've got too many legs,' he says. 'they can't run all together.''then tell them to run in turn,' says mother. 'first your left legs run, then your right ones.''which of them are left?' spotty asks.'can you hear a strange beat inside your body?'spotty listens. 'yes, it's here.''this is your heart. it's on the left. your left legs are on the left, too,' says mother.'why have i got four legs and only one heart?' spotty asks. 'and why is it on the left?''nobody knows. but i think you can't run with one leg, and four hearts must be too noisy.'spotty looks in his mum's eyes. they are big and clever, and they are very kind.'let's play, son,' she says.they start walking to a tall tree. spotty can't walk fast, but mother is walking behind him. when they come to the tree, spotty cries, 'i'm the first!'he is happy.