the stairs are long, and at the top the walls open into a roof space. sunlight from windows opposite the stairs leave everything in darkness.'now,' says the woman, 'you will explain to sabina.''i'm not sure what -' elise stops. now she can see the rest of the room.it is large, half in shadow, the top floor of a farm building. i here are children, thirty of them or perhaps more than thirty. some are playing quietly; some are reading; some are sleeping - but already there is a crowd of them in front of elise.'eloise has come back!'"they know me too,' thinks elise. she says, 'stefan?'"the younger children move away. a boy comes towards her.'but this isn't stefan!' she decides.now elise is safely inside, the woman is not angry. she speaks like a mother.'he is our stefan,' she says.this boy is younger, with darker skin. good-looking, but not elise's stefan.she holds out her hand. it is the polite thing in france when you are introduced for the first time to a stranger. but stefan does not take it.he says, 'sabina is angry with you. but we have all asked her to be kind to you.' he smiles - a smile to someone that he has loved all his life.someone has called sabina. she walks with her head high in the air. she is clearly the boss in this place. her hair is pulled tightly back from her face. she has a proud nose, and eyes that read you in a minute.'well, why did you go this time, eloise?' she asks. but she is not interested in the answer. 'you have too much trust in the good people of this village. i have told you that before. you think that they have taken us to their hearts. and, yes, we are not a secret now.''but they are afraid. and sometimes fear is too much for people. how many times do i have to explain that to you? every day the villagers are taking more risks.''when you go off alone like that, you put them in danger - not just us. when one person's fear becomes too strong, we are finished. one person. one letter. one short phone call.'elise doesn't understand. she too is afraid. the children are so silent, she realizes suddenly. when they speak, they speak very softly. all these children in one place, but the place is as quiet as a church.elise is asked to sit down with the rest. she is cold with worry. she repeats to herself, slowly, 'i've never seen these people, but they know me. and i know i'm not dreaming.'stefan sits next to her on the wooden floor. she tries a smile.'it is not funny, eloise,' he says.she waits. he is angry with her, and not ready to forgive.'is this a school?' she asks. 'are you hiding?'stefan does not seem to think that this is funny either. he tries to think of an answer. but before he can put thoughts into words, sabina stands in front of the children.'you have all been good,' she says. 'very good. except eloise. many of you have asked, "isn't the village safe? they are helping to hide us, so why can't we go out and play?"''in your hearts, you know the answer. the risk is too great. people know that we are here, yes. but it is also a secret. they do not see us, so they try not to think about us.'elise looks round at the children. the word in her head is - refugees. they are dressed in other people's clothes; most of them are too big or too tight. and they look ready to pick up their things and leave at any minute.'one thing's sure,' she thinks. 'this isn't happening now, in my time.' in her mind she remembers her steps to the church. the sudden cold in the air. and the last signature in the visitors' book, dated 1944.not a joke.elise remembers her morning image of children climbing on to a lorry in the village square. was that in 1944? she is sure now that it was.sabina speaks again. elise is right.'the gestapo have visited belley,' sabina says. 'that is a small market town very close to us. the gestapo chiefs at lyons want very much to find people like us. you know this.' she stops. she does not want to frighten the children. 'they would like to ask us questions.''the countryside is too large to search completely. that is why you are here. we call it izieu the hidden. but belley! that is too near here!''in other villages, they are stopping people in the street and asking questions. and knocking on doors. god will protect us. he has until now. but we must be very, very careful.'sabina smiles. 'we have been here for ten months. perhaps one day soon the war will end. the germans will leave france forever. people in town say that american and british soldiers aren't far away. so there's hope, you see.''tomorrow, i shall look for new hiding places for us. but i am afraid that you won't all be able to stay together.'a cry goes up from the children. stefan looks quickly at elise, then says to sabina, 'we are all friends!''we want to stay together!' says a voice from the back of the group.another asks, 'did the gestapo take our mums and dads away?'the same thought fills the heart of every child there. elise remembers her history lessons - and she is filled with fear.the gestapo! the worst of hitler's men. the men who sent thousands of jews in lorries to the concentration camps.to auschwitz...to belsen...to buchenwald...to dachau...to treblinka...she knows them all. the sound of their names fills her with fear. she knows from dad of the terrible things that happened in those places. 'it's right to know about these things,' he believed. 'we must remember.'***one image stayed in elise's head for a long time after she saw it in a book. a photograph of a mountain of shoes.'where do you think the owners of those shoes went?' dad asked her. 'what do you think happened to them?''dead?' she said.'dead! and how do you think all those people died?'she did not want to know. but she knew that he wanted to tell her.but he did not. he kept his feelings to himself. 'there are a lot of people who do not want to remember these things,' he said. 'they prefer to forget history.''but not you,' thought elise. 'you want to continue fighting for those dead people. but does it really help?'when they arrived in this strange village, elise said, 'dad, why did you bring us to this place?'and he answered, 'there is a secret here.'carol was also nervous about dad's interest. 'you think too much about the past, stephen,' she said.elise did not listen to dad's reply. at that time - but not now - she agreed with carol's feelings. it was unhealthy to think too much about the past.***now she remembers dad's answer: 'i think i have a different idea of time to other people.' elise is living now through things that happened to people in history. terrible things. too terrible to think about, even for people who are safe and far away.for elise the past has become her future. 'come and save me, dad - please!' she thinks.sabina finishes speaking. 'i've told our helpers, "when i'm away, keep your eyes and ears open!" you remember the story that i told you? the story about cerberus, the watchdog who never sleeps?''he had three heads,' says one of the children.'yes, and when he was on guard, one of his heads never, ever slept.'the children smile. they repeat after sabina: 'never, ever slept!''and we must be as careful as the eyes of cerberus.'sabina has turned to elise. 'i want you to promise something, eloise,' she says. 'promise that you will never, ever go off alone again.'elise is suddenly tired, not just afraid. but she says, 'and if i don't?''all our lives will be at risk - you know that,' says sabina.stefan is standing near them, and some of the children are listening. it seems to be important to them that she listens to sabina. elise understands that she must be sensible now. she must be an example to the other children. but if she promises not to go off alone again, she will risk her life. how can she escape?she speaks her next words carefully.'all right. eloise-' she stops. then she repeats that other name. 'eloise promises not to go off alone again. she promises not to escape.'for a second, the word 'escape' worries sabina. that is not the word that she used. it is not what she was thinking about. she is going to speak when stefan says, 'i'll be eloise's special cerberus. don't worry.'elise is not pleased by this. 'i don't need a spy to help me keep my promises,' she says.she has hurt him. he moves away, but sabina is thinking about other things. as she goes out, she calls softly to all the children, 'remember cerberus!'