hillary and tenzing were already at camp 8, together with john hunt, da namgyal, and ang temba. gregory and lowe were there too, with three more sherpas. but the weather was bad. a terrible wind blew straight across the south col, and the temperature fell to -25 degrees. hillary said that it was one of the worst nights he had ever lived through.no one could sleep. they sat shivering in their tents, hoping that the wind would not blow them away. bourdillon and evans were exhausted, three of the sherpas were ill, and hunt, like ang temba and da namgyal, had now spent three nights at 7,925 metres.next day, it was difficult for bourdillon to walk, so evans, john hunt, and da namgyal helped him and ang temba down to camp 7. gregory, lowe, and three sherpas spent another night at camp 8 with hillary and tenzing.on the morning of 28 may the wind began to fall. hillary and tenzing got ready to set out. gregory and lowe's job was to start first and make camp 9 somewhere below the south summit. but two of their three sherpas were ill, so lowe, gregory, and ang nyima carried everything between them. with their oxygen, they carried about 18 kilograms each. hillary and tenzing followed at 10 a.m., carrying about 22 kilograms each. then, at 8,338 metres, they found the loads which hunt and da namgyal had left, and picked them up too. now they were carrying 27 kilograms each.at 2.30 p.m. they found a small place for camp 9, at 8,506 metres. gregory, lowe, and ang nyima dropped their loads and went down. hillary and tenzing put up their tent, and crawled inside. the wind was very strong, and they were afraid the tent would blow away. that night, the temperature fell to -27 degrees. but by 4 a.m. the wind had stopped, and the sky cleared. when they opened the tent door, in the early morning sun, they could see the monastery at thyangboche, 4,878 metres below, where the monks were getting out of bed.they melted snow for a warm drink, and checked the oxygen equipment carefully. tenzing had worn his boots all night, but hillary had taken his off, and they were as hard as ice. he had to heat them over the small cooker to make them soft.at 6.30 a.m. they set out, and by 9 a.m. they reached the south summit. they sat down and studied the summit ridge carefully. it looked 'frightening', hillary thought. the snow cornices to the right were very dangerous. they were like fingers of soft snow, 2,500 metres above the valley below. and the rocks on the left looked very difficult too. but the snow just above the rocks looked better. perhaps it was possible to climb there.as soon as they stepped onto the snow, they were happy. it was good hard snow, so cutting steps in it was easy. but it was still very dangerous. one slip, and they could fall thousands of metres. hillary went first, cutting steps in the snow. behind him, tenzing put the rope around his ice axe and dug it into the snow, to keep them safe. then hillary stopped, and tenzing went first, cutting steps. first one man, then the other.several times their oxygen stopped working, and they found it hard to breathe. but each time they fixed it, and went on. as the sun rose, they felt warmer. 'to my surprise, i was enjoying the climb,' hillary said later. the weather was still fine, and they could see the tents of camp 4, 2,439 metres below.but halfway up the ridge, they met a problem. they reached a rock wall, 17 metres high. it looked difficult and dangerous to climb. on the left it was clean rock; on the right, the wind had blown a cornice of hard snow against it. hillary pushed his boot into a hole between the rock and the snow. he began to climb with his back to the rock, hoping that the snow did not move. at last he reached the top of the wall, and tenzing followed him up.now, there were just 220 vertical metres to go. slowly, cutting steps in the snow, they climbed on. even with oxygen, they had to take two or three breaths after every step. each time they thought they had reached the summit, they saw another one higher. they were both tired. 'the ridge seemed never-ending,' hillary wrote later.but then, quite suddenly, it did end. they looked around, and realised they could not go any higher. it was 11.30 a.m, and they had reached the summit of everest.they shook hands and threw their arms round each other. hillary took out a camera and took a picture - the picture - of tenzing on top of everest, the highest man in the world. on his ice axe tenzing had the flags of great britain, nepal, india, and the united nations. hillary took pictures of the view north, south, east, and west.tenzing made a small hole in the snow. in it he put some sweets, a pencil which his daughter had given him, and the flags from the ice axe. hillary made a hole too, and put a small crucifix in there. they gave these things to the mountain chomolungma - 'goddess mother of the world.'they were on top of the world - but were they really the first men who had ever been there?for a few minutes, hillary and tenzing searched, to see if mallory and irvine had left anything up there twenty-nine years ago. they found nothing, but that was not surprising. every few days, there is new snow on the mountain. every month, winds of over 150 kilometres per hour blow across the top of everest, adding more snow, burying what was there before.after fifteen minutes they turned back. they needed to get down before they used all the oxygen. they went carefully; it would be stupid to have an accident now. an hour later they were at the south summit; by evening they were with george lowe at the south col. next day they were down at camp 4.only two men had reached the summit - one from new zealand, one from nepal. but everyone in the expedition was happy. they had done something no one had ever done before. but each man in the expedition had needed the help of all the others.