"look. if you don't stop this, you'll get yourself into trouble. it was a mistake. you saw something which wasn't there,"yvonne was able to make monica relax. they ordered their pizza and began to talk about other things whenmonica saw owen across the room."now don't tell me i don't see him. that's the guy who fixed my car."owen saw them looking over at him, and he waved hello. he walked over and sat with them."i'm glad i found you.""owen, this is yvonne.""pleased to meet you. look, i've read more about your blue scarab.""wait a minute... wait a minute! i've just finished telling her that there is no such thing as ghosts or sun gods or whatever else you want to tell her.""yvonne, let him finish.""the ancient egyptians believed that osiris, the sun god's helper, used that stone so that people on earth could help those who had died. they thought dead people had to go through a trial. in that trial, they had to show that the good things they had done on earth were greater than the bad things. their actions could help the living improve themselves by teaching them something. if the living learn something valuable from the life of someone else, who is now dead, they can continue living their lives in a better way. this is good for the living but also for the dead. the gods will see that the dead had lived good lives since they continue influencing the living in a positive way.""owen, that was thousands of years ago!""wait a minute, yvonne. let's just try to understand this. do you think i could have seen a dead person alive again?""i don't know about that, but i know someone who does, and he'd like to meet you. his name is professor lloyd. he taught that class on ancient egypt i told you about. would you like to talk to him?""why not?""this is mad!"monica was silent for a few minutes, because she was thinking of her father. she finally asked owen about herbie."who's that old man who is working at the garage? what's his name, herbie?""yeah, herbie. strange, but right after you left, we couldn't find him. he never came back."