monica was sitting in the living room of owen's hat, waiting for him. he had gone to use a neighbour's telephone because his was out of order. she found a book on the table next to her. it was a library book on ancient egypt. she opened it to the story of osiris and began to read:after seth had thrown the chest, with osiris inside, into the nile, osiris' wife, his, went to look for it. she found the chest, but before she could open it and bury the body, seth stole it from her. he cut the body into sixteen separate pieces and hid them all over egypt. again, isis went to look for them. this time, she took her sister, nephthys, with her. together they found each piece. isis had magical powers. she put the body back together with a special oil."this oil is from the tree of healing. it will keep the body after it is buried. this white cloth that i will put around him will let the gods know that he was a great king."the gods liked what isis had done, and they rewarded osiris."osiris will decide on the life of the dead. if someone is good and just, they will be rewarded. those who are evil and do not respect others' lives will be punished."so, osiris was made the judge of the dead. when somebody died, their soul, which left their body, was put through forty-two tests. after these tests, the soul was brought before osiris.osiris sat in front of a pair of scales. he held a feather in his hand. next to him there was a man with a dog's head and a man with the head of a falcon. osiris held the feather out to the dog's head."anubis, take this feather and place it on one end of the scale. it is the feather of truth. it will tell us who has lived a just life and who has not."osiris then spoke to the falcon head."horus, you are my son. you tried to find revenge for my death by killing your uncle. take the soul and put it on the opposite end of the scale. there you will cry for its revenge."the falcon head walked to the scale opposite the dog's head. they held each scale until osiris told them to let them go."this soul has passed through the forty-two tests. these tests were given to decide if your good deeds in life are greater than your bad ones. you have not passed these tests alone. people who are living have acted for you. now, it is time to see. have you lived a good and just life? let go of the scales."the falcon and dog let go of the scales. the falcon made a loud cry. the scales balanced. osiris held up the blue scarab."this is what we will use to speak to the living. through this the souls of the dead will be judged. we hope that the living will understand what we say.""now, i understand."monica closed the book and put it back on the table. she walked to the window and looked outside. everything was bathed in the sunlight. she touched the scarab round her neck and closed her eyes. she said to herself softly, "now, i understand."